Title: Supply and Delivery of Sodium Hypochlorite 12% Bulk

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: 2026-T-51

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Supply and Delivery of Sodium Hypochlorite 12%,
as further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
This Request for Tender provides for the supply and delivery of
Sodium Hypochlorite 12%
Solution to be used for de-chlorination of wastewater effluent or process water at water and wastewater facilities in Niagara Region, and for de-chlorination of wastewater effluent or process water at water and wastewater facilities in Niagara Region in accordance with the terms and conditions of this tender.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2026-T-51
Bid Name:
Supply and Delivery of Sodium Hypochlorite 12% Bulk
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 15, 2026 11:30:59 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed Apr 29, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Supply and Delivery of Sodium Hypochlorite 12%,
as further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
This Request for Tender provides for the supply and delivery of
Sodium Hypochlorite 12%
Solution to be used for de-chlorination of wastewater effluent or process water at water and wastewater facilities in Niagara Region, and for de-chlorination of wastewater effluent or process water at water and wastewater facilities in Niagara Region in accordance with the terms and conditions of this tender.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Environmental Goods & Services
Soil testing, Boring, Drilling, Geotechnical, Soil Management
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Landfill
Waste Container
Green Power
Recycling Containers (green, blue, rain barrel, composter, etc.)
Pollution & Odour Control
Sewage Pumping Station
Consulting Services
Portable Toilets & Septic Services
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.