Title: Supply and Installation of Theatre/Auditorium/Classroom Audio Visual and Stage Equipment

Status: Open

Closing date: 2027-03-22

Reference number: 23137-1

Bid type: Binding - Request for Supplier Qualifications

Description:
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) intends to pre-qualify Vendors of Record for the supply, delivery and installation of Theatre/Auditorium/Classroom Audio Visual and Stage Equipment. DSBN is also interested in prequalifying Vendors of Record for repair and rental services for these commodities, where applicable.
Pre-qualification will commence on or around March 23, 2023, and end March 22, 2024. Consideration will be given to renew the contract for four (4) additional one-year periods ending March 22, 2028.
Suppliers that do not meet the original submission deadline are still eligible and encouraged to submit a proposal. Suppliers may submit a Pre-qualification proposal at any time throughout the duration of the contract. Additional Supplier(s) will be added to the list for Minimum Discounts as they are received and reviewed by DSBN staff.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DSBN
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Binding - Request for Supplier Qualifications
Bid Number:
23137-1
Bid Name:
Supply and Installation of Theatre/Auditorium/Classroom Audio Visual and Stage Equipment
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Mar 22, 2027 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) intends to pre-qualify Vendors of Record for the supply, delivery and installation of Theatre/Auditorium/Classroom Audio Visual and Stage Equipment. DSBN is also interested in prequalifying Vendors of Record for repair and rental services for these commodities, where applicable.
Pre-qualification will commence on or around March 23, 2023, and end March 22, 2024. Consideration will be given to renew the contract for four (4) additional one-year periods ending March 22, 2028.
Suppliers that do not meet the original submission deadline are still eligible and encouraged to submit a proposal. Suppliers may submit a Pre-qualification proposal at any time throughout the duration of the contract. Additional Supplier(s) will be added to the list for Minimum Discounts as they are received and reviewed by DSBN staff.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Audio/Visual/Printing/Photography/Theatre
Supplies and Equipment
Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.