Title: Tecumseh Economic Development Strategy

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: 172

Bid type: RFP

Description:
This is an invitation from The Corporation of the Town of Tecumseh to prepare and submit a competitive Proposal for the provision of an Economic Development Strategy

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Tecumseh
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
172
Bid Name:
Tecumseh Economic Development Strategy
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 15, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This is an invitation from The Corporation of the Town of Tecumseh  to prepare and submit a competitive Proposal for the provision of an Economic Development Strategy
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Legal
Public Relations
Planning
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Professional, Strategic, Administrative or Management Services
Other
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.