Title: Domestic Hot Water Boilers and Hydronic Boilers -Replacement and Upgrades- Niagara Region Long Term Care

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-22

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: 2026-T-37

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
Complete supply and installation of domestic hot water boilers, hydronic boilers, and associated components at various Niagara Region Long-Term Care facilities. This will be including review of the specifications and drawings, removal of existing equipment, all required mechanical, electrical, controls, building automation integration work, testing, commissioning, training, and closeout.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2026-T-37
Bid Name:
Domestic Hot Water Boilers and Hydronic Boilers -Replacement and Upgrades- Niagara Region Long Term Care
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 22, 2026 3:15:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Complete supply and installation of domestic hot water boilers, hydronic boilers, and associated components at various Niagara Region Long-Term Care facilities. This will be including review of the specifications and drawings, removal of existing equipment, all required mechanical, electrical, controls, building automation integration work, testing, commissioning, training, and closeout.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Equipment
Industrial/Manufacturing
Heavy Equipment
Other
Construction
Building & Renovation
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Plumbing
Other
Contracted Services
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.