Title: Consulting Services for the Edinburgh Road Bridge Rehabilitation

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: 26-042 RFP

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City is seeking Proposals from qualified Proponents to provide the following:
Consulting services
to prepare the Municipal Class Environmental Assessment (MCEA), preliminary design, detailed design, contract administration and construction inspection for rehabilitation of the Edinburgh Road / Speed River Bridge and smart channel design of the south side of the Wellington / Edinburgh intersection. The work will also include incorporating an existing design for improvement to the city trail connection at the south end of the bridge and city-designed signalized crossing improvements into the tender package
.
The City is seeking Proposals from Responsible Proponents that have the necessary qualifications and experience to provide the Services sought.
Work is anticipated to begin upon contract award and construction substantial completion by year end 2027.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Guelph
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-042 RFP
Bid Name:
Consulting Services for the Edinburgh Road Bridge Rehabilitation
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 14, 2026 9:20:59 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:30:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
18
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City is seeking Proposals from qualified Proponents to provide the following:
Consulting services
to prepare the Municipal Class Environmental Assessment (MCEA), preliminary design, detailed design, contract administration and construction inspection for rehabilitation of the Edinburgh Road / Speed River Bridge and smart channel design of the south side of the Wellington / Edinburgh intersection. The work will also include incorporating an existing design for improvement to the city trail connection at the south end of the bridge and city-designed signalized crossing improvements into the tender package
.
The City is seeking Proposals from Responsible Proponents that have the necessary qualifications and experience to provide the Services sought.
Work is anticipated to begin upon contract award and construction substantial completion by year end 2027.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Geotechnical
Other
Architectural
Engineering
Environmental Goods & Services
Consulting Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.