Title: Expression of Interest - Process Water - Supplier Contact List

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-02-23

Closing date: 2027-02-19

Reference number: 2026-041

Bid type: Expression of Interest

Description:
This Expression of Interest (“EOI”) is issued by Sturgeon County (the “County”) for the purposes of gathering contact information from qualified service providers.
Sturgeon County is opening a call for vendors interested in working with local industry partners on a variety of process water projects in the County. These projects may require earthworks, construction, engineering, etc. This is
not
a pre-qualification request process.
Respondents are asked to respond to the County and provide the information requested in the Expression of Interest.
Please send your submission to procurement@sturgeoncounty.ca.
You
do not need to submit
through Bids & Tenders.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Sturgeon
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Expression of Interest
Bid Number:
2026-041
Bid Name:
Expression of Interest - Process Water - Supplier Contact List
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Feb 23, 2026 8:20:01 AM (MST)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Feb 19, 2027 2:00:01 PM (MST)
Question Deadline:
Fri Feb 12, 2027 11:59:00 PM (MST)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Expression of Interest (“EOI”) is issued by Sturgeon County (the “County”) for the purposes of gathering contact information from qualified service providers.
Sturgeon County is opening a call for vendors interested in working with local industry partners on a variety of process water projects in the County. These projects may require earthworks, construction, engineering, etc. This is
not
a pre-qualification request process.
Respondents are asked to respond to the County and provide the information requested in the Expression of Interest.
Please send your submission to procurement@sturgeoncounty.ca.
You
do not need to submit
through Bids & Tenders.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Geotechnical
Engineering
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.