Title: Contract Administration and Inspection Services. Capacity Improvements of Regional Road 55 (Niagara Stone Road) Niagara-on-the-Lake

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: 2026-T-53

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Contract Administration and Inspection Services. Capacity Improvements of Regional Road 55 (Niagara Stone Road) Niagara-on-the-Lake,
from Line 1 Road to East and West Line in the town of Niagara-on-the-Lakeas further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
This RFT is being issued to a
subset
of the Successful Roster Listings developed from Contract
2023-RFSQ-184
specifically
Category 27.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2026-T-53
Bid Name:
Contract Administration and Inspection Services. Capacity Improvements of Regional Road 55 (Niagara Stone Road) Niagara-on-the-Lake
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 20, 2026 10:30:59 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 1, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Contract Administration and Inspection Services. Capacity Improvements of Regional Road 55 (Niagara Stone Road) Niagara-on-the-Lake,
from Line 1 Road to East and West Line in the town of Niagara-on-the-Lakeas further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
This RFT is being issued to a
subset
of the Successful Roster Listings developed from Contract
2023-RFSQ-184
specifically
Category 27.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Services (crack sealing, pavement markings, etc.)
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.