Title: City of Abbotsford - Homelessness Action Plan (HAP) - Consulting Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: RFP 1220-2026-4071

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City of Abbotsford (the “City”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for
City of Abbotsford – Homelessness Action Plan (HAP) – Consulting Services,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Abbotsford
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
RFP 1220-2026-4071
Bid Name:
City of Abbotsford - Homelessness Action Plan (HAP) - Consulting Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City of Abbotsford (the “City”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for
City of Abbotsford – Homelessness Action Plan (HAP) – Consulting Services,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Economic Development
Other
Professional, Strategic, Administrative or Management Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.