Title: Kinosoo Chalet Siding Replacement

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: KRR-2026-001

Bid type: Request for Proposal (RFP)

Description:
KRR is accepting bids for replacing the Siding on its Chalet and repairing any and all damages found beneath the surface. The successful proponent will be responsible for all labour, materials, equipment, and supervision required to complete the siding replacement, including but not limited to:
Removal and disposal of existing siding and related materials
Inspection of underlying sheathing, framing, and moisture barriers
Identification and reporting of any concealed damage
Repair or replacement of damaged substrate as approved by the Owner
Supply and installation of new siding system
Installation of required weather barriers, flashing, trim, and sealants
Integration with existing doors, windows, vents, and penetrations
Compliance with all applicable building codes and standards
Site cleanup and proper disposal of all debris

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - M.D. of Bonnyville
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal (RFP)
Bid Number:
KRR-2026-001
Bid Name:
Kinosoo Chalet Siding Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 12:00:00 PM (MDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
KRR is accepting bids for replacing the Siding on its Chalet and repairing any and all damages found beneath the surface. The successful proponent will be responsible for all labour, materials, equipment, and supervision required to complete the siding replacement, including but not limited to:
Removal and disposal of existing siding and related materials
Inspection of underlying sheathing, framing, and moisture barriers
Identification and reporting of any concealed damage
Repair or replacement of damaged substrate as approved by the Owner
Supply and installation of new siding system
Installation of required weather barriers, flashing, trim, and sealants
Integration with existing doors, windows, vents, and penetrations
Compliance with all applicable building codes and standards
Site cleanup and proper disposal of all debris
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Tile and Marble Work, All Types
Glass and Glazing
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Plastering Drywall
Insulation
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Painting and Wallpapering
Carpet/ Flooring
Carpentry
Electrical
Concrete
Roofing and Siding
Building Structures & Land
Prefabricated
Thoroughfares
Portable Buildings
Land
Permanent Buildings
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Building Services
Cleaning
Generator Equipment
Pest Control
Mats & Linens
Industrial Cleaning
Graffiti Removal
Sprinkler System
Window Cleaning
Security & Monitoring
Fencing
Overhead Door
Elevator
Parking Lighting Maintenance
Movers & Storage
Production & Manufacturing Services
Locksmith
Building Automation
Environmental Goods & Services
Soil testing, Boring, Drilling, Geotechnical, Soil Management
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Landfill
Waste Container
Green Power
Recycling Containers (green, blue, rain barrel, composter, etc.)
Pollution & Odour Control
Sewage Pumping Station
Consulting Services
Portable Toilets & Septic Services
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.