Title: RFP Security Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: CVRD-26-007

Bid type: RF Proposals

Description:
Notice is hereby given that the Comox Valley Regional District (CVRD) intends to enter into a contract with a qualified contractor for the provision of security services, in accordance with the requirements and specifications set out by the CVRD.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - CVRD
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RF Proposals
Bid Number:
CVRD-26-007
Bid Name:
RFP Security Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Sat May 30, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Notice is hereby given that the Comox Valley Regional District (CVRD) intends to enter into a contract with a qualified contractor for the provision of security services, in accordance with the requirements and specifications set out by the CVRD.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Security, Monitoring, Intrusion, Fire or Enforcement
Building Services
Cleaning
Generator Equipment
Pest Control
Mats & Linens
Industrial Cleaning
Graffiti Removal
Sprinkler System
Window Cleaning
Security & Monitoring
Fencing
Overhead Door
Elevator
Parking Lighting Maintenance
Movers & Storage
Production & Manufacturing Services
Locksmith
Building Automation
Law, Enforcement & Security
Equipment/Supplies
Security & Safety Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.