Title: Bid Request for Highway Coarse Rock Salt

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: PW 2026-04

Bid type: Request for Tender

Description:
The United Counties of Prescott and Russell and joint partners are seeking a Successful Bidder to submit prices for the supply of Highway Coarse Rock Salt at various locations as specified in this Bid Request document.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Prescott-Russell
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Tender
Bid Number:
PW 2026-04
Bid Name:
Bid Request for Highway Coarse Rock Salt
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Sun May 24, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
48
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The United Counties of Prescott and Russell and joint partners are seeking a Successful Bidder to submit prices for the supply of Highway Coarse Rock Salt at various locations as specified in this Bid Request document.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Winter Salt
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.