Title: Flood Mitigation - Hangingstone Expansion Area - Pre-Design

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Reference number: RFP-2026-1329

Bid type: Request For Proposal

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to prospective proponents to submit a proposal (“Proposal”) for the Flood Mitigation - Hangingstone Expansion Area – Pre-Design, as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Wood Buffalo
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request For Proposal
Bid Number:
RFP-2026-1329
Bid Name:
Flood Mitigation - Hangingstone Expansion Area - Pre-Design
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 11:00:59 AM (MDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 2:00:59 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to prospective proponents to submit a proposal (“Proposal”) for the Flood Mitigation - Hangingstone Expansion Area – Pre-Design, as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Architectural
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.