Title: Operation and Maintenance of the Annacis Island Wastewater Treatment Plant Hydrothermal Liquefaction (HTL) Demonstration Facility

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-24

Reference number: 26-0109

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The work includes a qualified contractor to provide operations and maintenance services for its Annacis Island Hydrothermal Liquefaction (HTL) Demonstration Facility. This facility converts wastewater sludge into renewable biocrude oil and operates independently within the Annacis Island Wastewater Treatment Plant.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Metro Vancouver
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-0109
Bid Name:
Operation and Maintenance of the Annacis Island Wastewater Treatment Plant Hydrothermal Liquefaction (HTL) Demonstration Facility
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 24, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed Jun 17, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The work includes a qualified contractor to provide operations and maintenance services for its Annacis Island Hydrothermal Liquefaction (HTL) Demonstration Facility. This facility converts wastewater sludge into renewable biocrude oil and operates independently within the Annacis Island Wastewater Treatment Plant.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Wastewater Treatment & Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.