Title: RFO Beverly Central Elementary School

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-09

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: 2026-135JP

Bid type: Sale of Property

Description:
Sale of Property
Beverly Central Elementary School
1346 4th Concession Road West, Troy, Ontario

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - HWDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Sale of Property
Bid Number:
2026-135JP
Bid Name:
RFO Beverly Central Elementary School
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 9, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 11:59:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Sale of Property
Beverly Central Elementary School
1346 4th Concession Road West, Troy, Ontario
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Real Estate
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.