Title: Real Estate Services – Listing Agent (Queens Business Park, Timberlands North, Misc City Commercial Properties)

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-18

Reference number: 2026-047

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City to submit non-binding proposals for the provision of providing Real Estate Services - Listing Agent to best represent the City’s commercial properties located in Queens Business Park, Timberlands North, and other areas throughout the City as needed and listed in Appendix A, (the Deliverables) as set out in this section of the RFP.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Red Deer
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
2026-047
Bid Name:
Real Estate Services – Listing Agent (Queens Business Park, Timberlands North, Misc City Commercial Properties)
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon May 18, 2026 4:00:59 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 3:00:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City to submit non-binding proposals for the provision of providing Real Estate Services - Listing Agent to best represent the City’s commercial properties located in Queens Business Park, Timberlands North, and other areas throughout the City as needed and listed in Appendix A, (the Deliverables) as set out in this section of the RFP.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Real Estate
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.