Title: RFP for GC - Peepeekisis Youth Impact Centre

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Reference number: 103001-04

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
Steel River Group Ltd., acting as Prime Consultant on behalf of Peepeekisis Cree Nation, invites qualified and experienced general contractors to submit proposals for the construction of the Peepeekisis Youth Impact Centre. Proponents are requested to submit a stipulated lump sum bid price within their proposal for the complete construction of the facility in accordance with the tender documents. The submitted proposal must clearly identify the total price required to complete the work as described in the RFP package.
Submissions should be sent via email to the designated bid submission address:
ronaye.wilson@steelrivergroup.com

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - BidsAndTenders
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
103001-04
Bid Name:
RFP for GC - Peepeekisis Youth Impact Centre
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
ronaye.wilson@steelrivergroup.com
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Steel River Group Ltd., acting as Prime Consultant on behalf of Peepeekisis Cree Nation, invites qualified and experienced general contractors to submit proposals for the construction of the Peepeekisis Youth Impact Centre. Proponents are requested to submit a stipulated lump sum bid price within their proposal for the complete construction of the facility in accordance with the tender documents. The submitted proposal must clearly identify the total price required to complete the work as described in the RFP package.
Submissions should be sent via email to the designated bid submission address:
ronaye.wilson@steelrivergroup.com
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.