Title: Mayoral Boundary Review

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: MODC-Q-2026-002

Bid type: Request for Proposal (Negotiations, Consecutive)

Description:
This Request for Proposal (“RFP”) is an invitation by the Municipality of the District of Chester (“MODC”) to prospective bidders to submit proposals for the provision of professional consulting services to perform a Mayoral Boundary Review as further described in Part 4. RFP Particulars. The successful proponent will be expected to enter into a Professional Services Agreement with MODC.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Chester
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal (Negotiations, Consecutive)
Bid Number:
MODC-Q-2026-002
Bid Name:
Mayoral Boundary Review
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 3:00 PM (ADT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Apr 23, 2026 4:30 PM (ADT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposal (“RFP”) is an invitation by the Municipality of the District of Chester (“MODC”) to prospective bidders to submit proposals for the provision of professional consulting services to perform a Mayoral Boundary Review as further described in Part 4. RFP Particulars. The successful proponent will be expected to enter into a Professional Services Agreement with MODC.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Other
Politics & Civil Affairs
Legal
Public Relations
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.