Title: Victoria General Hospital Steam Boiler Renewal & Decarb - General Contractor

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: 2502008 - RFT - GC

Bid type: Request for Tender

Description:
This Request for Tender is being issued by the Vancouver Island Health Authority (“Island Health”) as it is seeking tenders from qualified Respondents to complete the replacement of one end of life steam boiler at Victoria General Hospital, 1 Hospital Way, Victoria, BC, V8Z 6R5 (“the Project.”). The Project includes, but is not limited to, the full removal of the existing boiler system, supply and installation of a new, modern unit in accordance with the approved structural, mechanical, and electrical design drawings. Work includes the safe disconnection, decommissioning, and disposal of the old boiler and associated components. Following removal, complete all required structural preparation, mechanical tie-ins, and electrical upgrades to support the new equipment. The new steam boiler will then be installed, connected, and integrated with existing building systems. Once installation is complete, the system will undergo commissioning to verify performance, safety, and operational readiness. Final handover will include documentation, training, and confirmation that the boiler is fully functional and compliant with all applicable standards.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - VIHA
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Tender
Bid Number:
2502008 - RFT - GC
Bid Name:
Victoria General Hospital Steam Boiler Renewal & Decarb - General Contractor
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 4:15:59 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:59 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Tender is being issued by the Vancouver Island Health Authority (“Island Health”) as it is seeking tenders from qualified Respondents to complete the replacement of one end of life steam boiler at Victoria General Hospital, 1 Hospital Way, Victoria, BC, V8Z 6R5 (“the Project.”). The Project includes, but is not limited to, the full removal of the existing boiler system, supply and installation of a new, modern unit in accordance with the approved structural, mechanical, and electrical design drawings. Work includes the safe disconnection, decommissioning, and disposal of the old boiler and associated components. Following removal, complete all required structural preparation, mechanical tie-ins, and electrical upgrades to support the new equipment. The new steam boiler will then be installed, connected, and integrated with existing building systems. Once installation is complete, the system will undergo commissioning to verify performance, safety, and operational readiness. Final handover will include documentation, training, and confirmation that the boiler is fully functional and compliant with all applicable standards.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.