Title: Turnkey CBRS LTE and 5G Ready Private Wireless Network with Narrowband Fallback for Reclosers

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: RFP#26-205

Bid type: IFB

Description:
The City of Lake Worth Beach (City) is soliciting proposals from skilled and qualified vendors to design, furnish, install, configure, test, and place into service a complete Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) based private wireless communications network that is LTE capable and 5G ready. The system will serve as the primary communications path for newly installed reclosers and other grid devices.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lake Worth Beach
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
IFB
Bid Number:
RFP#26-205
Bid Name:
Turnkey CBRS LTE and 5G Ready Private Wireless Network with Narrowband Fallback for Reclosers
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 3:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 18, 2026 4:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
City of Lake Worth Beach, Financial Services/Procurement Division, 7 North Dixie Highway, 2nd Floor, Lake Worth Beach, FL 33460
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Lake Worth Beach (City) is soliciting proposals from skilled and qualified vendors to design, furnish, install, configure, test, and place into service a complete Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) based private wireless communications network that is LTE capable and 5G ready. The system will serve as the primary communications path for newly installed reclosers and other grid devices.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Electrical
Information Technology
Services
Local Vendor
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Trade Services
Electrical
Other
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.