Title: Cold Beverage Service

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Reference number: DAL2025-19907849

Bid type: Request for Proposals

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Dalhousie University (“University”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the
Cold Beverage Service,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Dalhousie University is offering an exclusive corporate partnership opportunity for the supply of cold beverages to all campus’ in Halifax and Truro, Nova Scotia with the exception of the Student Union Building on Studley Campus. The supply of cold beverages includes carbonated, non-carbonated, energy drink, juice, packaged water, alternate choice beverage and isotonic beverage categories. Dalhousie is also looking for a selection of healthy options that include the provision of 100% juice, diet soda, zero calorie and calorie capped sports drinks and enhanced waters and low-calorie teas. This contract does not include hot beverages, milk, or alcohol.
Please Note:
To ensure the latest information and updates regarding this bid, the onus is on the bidder to ensure they are monitoring the bidding system for issued addenda, clarifications and instructions that may impact submissions.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Dalhousie
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Proposals
Bid Number:
DAL2025-19907849
Bid Name:
Cold Beverage Service
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 15, 2026 3:10:00 PM (ADT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 26, 2026 2:00:00 PM (ADT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 2:00:00 PM (ADT)
Duration in months:
108
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Dalhousie University (“University”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the
Cold Beverage Service,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Dalhousie University is offering an exclusive corporate partnership opportunity for the supply of cold beverages to all campus’ in Halifax and Truro, Nova Scotia with the exception of the Student Union Building on Studley Campus.  The supply of cold beverages includes carbonated, non-carbonated, energy drink, juice, packaged water, alternate choice beverage and isotonic beverage categories.  Dalhousie is also looking for a selection of healthy options that include the provision of 100% juice, diet soda, zero calorie and calorie capped sports drinks and enhanced waters and low-calorie teas.  This contract does not include hot beverages, milk, or alcohol.
Please Note:
To ensure the latest information and updates regarding this bid, the onus is on the bidder to ensure they are monitoring the bidding system for issued addenda, clarifications and instructions that may impact submissions.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
None
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Food
Catering
Appliances
Services
Equipment
Food Services Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.