Title: Jedburgh and Shellard Bridge Assessment and Design

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: ND-2026-C12-RFP

Bid type: Request For Proposal

Description:
This Request for Proposal(“RFP”) is an invitation by The Township to prospective Bidders to submit bids for engineering services as they pertain to structural assessment, planning, preliminary/detailed design, approvals, public engagement, and contract documents for Jedburgh Dam Bridge and Shellard Rd. Bridge.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - North Dumfries
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request For Proposal
Bid Number:
ND-2026-C12-RFP
Bid Name:
Jedburgh and Shellard Bridge Assessment and Design
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 4:20:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
1
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposal(“RFP”) is an invitation by The Township to prospective Bidders to submit bids for engineering services as they pertain to structural assessment, planning, preliminary/detailed design, approvals, public engagement, and contract documents for Jedburgh Dam Bridge and Shellard Rd. Bridge.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Traffic Marking Paint
Roadside Safety (Pylons, Barricades, etc.)
Services (crack sealing, pavement markings, etc.)
Aggregates
Granular Materials
Asphalt
Concrete
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Other
Architectural
Landscape Architecture
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Environmental Goods & Services
Consulting Services
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.