Title: SAFETY TRAINING – FIRST AID/CPR/AED, WORKING FROM HEIGHTS AND ELEVATING DEVICES/ ARTICULATING ZOOM BOOM

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-08-31

Reference number: 23218

Bid type: Binding - RFSQ/VOR - Open

Description:
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) is interested in obtaining Proposals from Proponents who are capable of providing health and safety training (First Aid/CPR/AED) for DSBN staff / students and Working From Heights, Elevating Devices and Articulating Zoom Boom training for Facilities staff on an as needed basis.
DSBN is interested in obtaining pricing for face-to-face training for Working From Heights, Elevating Devices and Articulating Zoom Boom and face-to-face and/or blended learning (combination of virtual and face-to-face training services) for First Aid/CPR/AED training.
The Contract will be awarded to multiple Vendors due to the numbers of students /staff requiring training and short timelines for completion.
Face-to-face training:
Usually refers to traditional classroom training, in which an instructor teaches a course to a room of training participants. The term is used synonymously with on-site training and classroom training and instructor-led training (slightly modified from ASTD definition). Successful Bidder must provide their own Laptop and all other Resources required to fulfil training. DSBN will provide locations in the Niagara Region as well as training dates.
Blended learning:
Describes the practice of using several training delivery mediums in a single training program. It typically refers to the combination of classroom instruction and eLearning. Successful Bidder must provide their own Laptop and all other Resources required to fulfil training. DSBN will provide locations in the Niagara Region for any face to face training. DSBN will provide training dates.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DSBN
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Binding - RFSQ/VOR - Open
Bid Number:
23218
Bid Name:
SAFETY TRAINING – FIRST AID/CPR/AED, WORKING FROM HEIGHTS AND ELEVATING  DEVICES/ ARTICULATING ZOOM BOOM
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Aug 31, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) is interested in obtaining Proposals from Proponents who are capable of providing health and safety training (First Aid/CPR/AED) for DSBN staff / students and Working From Heights, Elevating Devices and Articulating Zoom Boom training for Facilities staff on an as needed basis.
DSBN is interested in obtaining pricing for face-to-face training for Working From Heights, Elevating Devices and Articulating Zoom Boom and face-to-face and/or blended learning (combination of virtual and face-to-face training services) for First Aid/CPR/AED training.
The Contract will be awarded to multiple Vendors due to the numbers of students /staff requiring training and short timelines for completion.
Face-to-face training:
Usually refers to traditional classroom training, in which an instructor teaches a course to a room of training participants. The term is used synonymously with on-site training and classroom training and instructor-led training (slightly modified from ASTD definition). Successful Bidder must provide their own Laptop and all other Resources required to fulfil training. DSBN will provide locations in the Niagara Region as well as training dates.
Blended learning:
Describes the practice of using several training delivery mediums in a single training program. It typically refers to the combination of classroom instruction and eLearning. Successful Bidder must provide their own Laptop and all other Resources required to fulfil training. DSBN will provide locations in the Niagara Region for any face to face training. DSBN will provide training dates.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
First Aid
Services
Supplies
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.