Title: St. Augustine CSS Boiler and MAU Replacement Project

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: T-2026-38

Bid type: Request for Tender

Description:
The Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board invites bids
from
Vendor of Records
(VOR’s) Prequalified General Contractors ONLY
– Category A
for acquiring services for the supply and labour for
St. Augustine CSS Boiler and MAU Replacement Project.
Please be advised that only registered plan takers may submit questions relating to this work. Any/all subcontractors must deal directly with the invited
Pre-qualified General Contractors.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DPCDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Tender
Bid Number:
T-2026-38
Bid Name:
St. Augustine CSS Boiler and MAU Replacement Project
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 20, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board invites bids
from
Vendor of Records
(VOR’s) Prequalified General Contractors ONLY
– Category A
for acquiring services for the supply and labour for
St. Augustine CSS Boiler and MAU Replacement Project.
Please be advised that only registered plan takers may submit questions relating to this work. Any/all subcontractors must deal directly with the invited
Pre-qualified General Contractors.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.