Title: Enterprise Resource Planning System

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-01

Reference number: 2026-1011

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
Saddle Hills County seeks proposals from interested parties for an Enterprise Resource Planning System (ERP) and associated implementation services.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - BidsAndTenders
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
2026-1011
Bid Name:
Enterprise Resource Planning System
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 1, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
RFPSubmission@saddlehills.ab.ca
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Saddle Hills County seeks proposals from interested parties for an Enterprise Resource Planning System (ERP) and associated implementation services.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Information Technology
Services
Computer Software
Professional, Strategic, Administrative or Management Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.