Title: 160 East Main St Landscaping Upgrades

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: 2026-T-67

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
160 East Main St Landscaping Upgrades,
as further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
The facility is located at 160 East Main Street in Welland, ON within an approximately 68,890 square feet (sf) parcel. The building is a single-storey institutional construction facility, owned by The Region and occupied by the Welland Transit Terminal.
The landscaping throughout the site was completed with landscape paving stones, concrete, and a decorative pond located in the front corner of the property. Localized deterioration in the form of concrete cracking, settled paving stones, trench drain filled with aggregate has occurred. The site landscaping items are generally in good condition with localized deterioration with replacement as noted in the Consultant drawings.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2026-T-67
Bid Name:
160 East Main St Landscaping Upgrades
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 10:15:59 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 14, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
160 East Main St Landscaping Upgrades,
as further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
The facility is located at 160 East Main Street in Welland, ON within an approximately 68,890 square feet (sf) parcel. The building is a single-storey institutional construction facility, owned by The Region and occupied by the Welland Transit Terminal.
The landscaping throughout the site was completed with landscape paving stones, concrete, and a decorative pond located in the front corner of the property. Localized deterioration in the form of concrete cracking, settled paving stones, trench drain filled with aggregate has occurred. The site landscaping items are generally in good condition with localized deterioration with replacement as noted in the Consultant drawings.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Transit Capital
Major Capital
Bus
Fleet Overhaul
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Transit and Transportation
Trade Services
Tile and Marble Work, All Types
Glass and Glazing
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Plastering Drywall
Insulation
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Painting and Wallpapering
Carpet/ Flooring
Carpentry
Electrical
Concrete
Roofing and Siding
Automotive
Lubricants
Watercraft
Graders
Loaders
Heavy Trucks
Trailers
Rental/Leasing Services
Tractor Implements
Emergency Vehicles
Off Road Equipment
Services
Supplies & Equipment
Excavators
Light Vehicles
Lawn and Farm Equipment
Fire Trucks
Machinery and Tools
Powered & Non-Powered, Supplies & Accessories
Services
Aggregates
Sand
Winter Salt
Granular Materials
Asphalt
Concrete
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Maintenance - Other
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Supplies and Equipment
Other
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.