Title: EECC RUBBER FLOORING REPLACEMENT

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: RFT EECC 2026-03

Bid type: Tenders

Description:
The Corporation of the Town of Aylmer acting in its capacity as Administrating Municipality for the East Elgin Community Complex Joint Board of Management (Board) is seeking a qualified vendor with experience in the removal of existing and installation of new vapor barrier and rubber flooring in the municipally owned arena. As identified in the Property Condition Assessment & Capital Planning condition assessment, the Board wishes to refurbish 13 dressing rooms and 5 ancillary rooms at the East Elgin Community Complex. Ancillary rooms consist of two referee rooms, 2 coaches rooms and one First Aid room including two cross over hallways.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Aylmer
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Tenders
Bid Number:
RFT EECC 2026-03
Bid Name:
EECC RUBBER FLOORING REPLACEMENT
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 1:00 PM (EDT)
Registration Deadline:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 9:30 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed Apr 29, 2026 4:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Corporation of the Town of Aylmer acting in its capacity as Administrating Municipality for the East Elgin Community Complex Joint Board of Management (Board) is seeking a qualified vendor with experience in the removal of existing and installation of new vapor barrier and rubber flooring in the municipally owned arena. As identified in the Property Condition Assessment & Capital Planning condition assessment, the Board wishes to refurbish 13 dressing rooms and 5 ancillary rooms at the East Elgin Community Complex. Ancillary rooms consist of two referee rooms, 2 coaches rooms and one First Aid room including two cross over hallways.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Flooring
Recreation/Education
Recreation Flooring / Restoration (Gym Floor, Rubberized, etc.)
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.