Title: Spruceland Transit Exchange Upgrade

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: T26-026

Bid type: ITT

Description:
The City of Prince George (the “City”) invites bids from qualified and experienced Contractors for the comprehensive replacement of the Transit Spruceland Exchange platforms for Bay B and C along Central Street, aimed at enhancing both safety and functionality. The project will include the installation of four (4) LED lights, strategically oriented toward the sidewalks for improvement of visibility and security. Additionally, four (4) trees along the Bay B platform will be removed to facilitate the necessary infrastructure upgrades. To enhance accessibility for visually impaired riders, two strips of tactile surfacing will be installed along the curbs of Bay B and C.
This solicitation may lead to sequential or concurrent negotiations with one or more Bidders offering the lowest bid(s), or to the creation of a Contract without negotiations.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Prince George
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
ITT
Bid Number:
T26-026
Bid Name:
Spruceland Transit Exchange Upgrade
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 29, 2026 8:00:00 AM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 13, 2026 5:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Prince George (the “City”) invites bids from qualified and experienced Contractors for the comprehensive replacement of the Transit Spruceland Exchange platforms for Bay B and C along Central Street, aimed at enhancing both safety and functionality. The project will include the installation of four (4) LED lights, strategically oriented toward the sidewalks for improvement of visibility and security. Additionally, four (4) trees along the Bay B platform will be removed to facilitate the necessary infrastructure upgrades. To enhance accessibility for visually impaired riders, two strips of tactile surfacing will be installed along the curbs of Bay B and C.
This solicitation may lead to sequential or concurrent negotiations with one or more Bidders offering the lowest bid(s), or to the creation of a Contract without negotiations.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Transit Operations
Equipment & Supplies
Taxi, WheelTrans, Specialty Transport
Operations & Maintenance
Fleet Mechanical, electrical, structural
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.