Title: Chemical Holding Tank Repair

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: 8

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of Elliot Lake is seeking proposals from qualified contractors to complete the dredging, dewatering, and cleanout of municipal sludge holding sites. The project includes the provision of all labour, equipment, and materials required to excavate, remove, transport, and properly dispose of wastewater sludge, as well as restore and clean the project sites.
Proponents are required to submit detailed proposals outlining their methodology, project schedule, qualifications, safety practices, and pricing based on a unit cost per cubic metre. The selection process will evaluate submissions based on criteria such as price, technical approach, experience, timeline, and references to ensure the best overall value for the municipality.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Elliot Lake
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
8
Bid Name:
Chemical Holding Tank Repair
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 15, 2026 1:17 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Elliot Lake is seeking proposals from qualified contractors to complete the dredging, dewatering, and cleanout of municipal sludge holding sites. The project includes the provision of all labour, equipment, and materials required to excavate, remove, transport, and properly dispose of wastewater sludge, as well as restore and clean the project sites.
Proponents are required to submit detailed proposals outlining their methodology, project schedule, qualifications, safety practices, and pricing based on a unit cost per cubic metre. The selection process will evaluate submissions based on criteria such as price, technical approach, experience, timeline, and references to ensure the best overall value for the municipality.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Wastewater Treatment & Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.