Title: Seine Net Loft Heritage Items Protection, Relocation and Storage

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-18

Reference number: 8575Q

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
The City of Richmond (the “
City
”) is seeking a qualified Bidder to protect, secure in place or relocate heritage items within the Seine Net Loft Building during renovations (the “
Requirements
”), as described in the Contract Documents.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Richmond
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
8575Q
Bid Name:
Seine Net Loft Heritage Items Protection, Relocation and Storage
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon May 18, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 4, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Richmond (the “
City
”) is seeking a qualified Bidder to protect, secure in place or relocate heritage items within the Seine Net Loft Building during renovations (the “
Requirements
”), as described in the Contract Documents.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Services
Movers & Storage
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.