Title: Barrier-Free Washroom Renovation – St. Martin Elementary School

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-16

Reference number: RFQ-2026-06STMBFWR

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
The Thunder Bay Catholic District School Board is seeking quotations from
qualified general contractors for the construction of a new barrier-free washroom
on the second floor of St. Martin Elementary School, 115 Mary Street W., Thunder
Bay, ON P7E 2L8, as detailed in the architectural drawings prepared by Leonard
Alfred Wood Architect (Issued for Permit and Tender, dated May 1, 2026).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - TBCDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
RFQ-2026-06STMBFWR
Bid Name:
Barrier-Free Washroom Renovation – St. Martin Elementary School
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu May 7, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 16, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon Jun 8, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Thunder Bay Catholic District School Board is seeking quotations from
qualified general contractors for the construction of a new barrier-free washroom
on the second floor of St. Martin Elementary School, 115 Mary Street W., Thunder
Bay, ON P7E 2L8, as detailed in the architectural drawings prepared by Leonard
Alfred Wood Architect (Issued for Permit and Tender, dated May 1, 2026).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.