Title: Tribute Communities Centre Modernization

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: C2026-035

Bid type: Request for Proposal (R.F.P.)

Description:
R.F.P. C2026-035 for Tribute Communities Centre Modernization
The Corporation of the City of Oshawa shall
only
accept
Electronic Bid Submissions
submitted through the City’s Bidding System Website. Bid submissions submitted and/or received by any other method shall be rejected, unless the City has instructed otherwise by published Addendum.
The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Oshawa
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal (R.F.P.)
Bid Number:
C2026-035
Bid Name:
Tribute Communities Centre Modernization
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
R.F.P. C2026-035 for Tribute Communities Centre Modernization
The Corporation of the City of Oshawa shall
only
accept
Electronic Bid Submissions
submitted through the City’s Bidding System Website.  Bid submissions submitted and/or received by any other method shall be rejected, unless the City has instructed otherwise by published Addendum.
The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Restoration Services
Site Meetings
The following are the meeting times and locations for the 
bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.