Title: Request for Proposal for Facilities and Strategic Plan (County of Brant Public Library)

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: 202636

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The County of Brant Public Library is issuing this Request for Proposal for Consultants for professional services to undertake the development of a Facilities Plan and a Strategic Plan as described in the document.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Brant County
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
202636
Bid Name:
Request for Proposal for Facilities and Strategic Plan (County of Brant Public Library)
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 2:30 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 4:30 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The County of Brant Public Library is issuing this Request for Proposal for Consultants for professional services to undertake the development of a Facilities Plan and a Strategic Plan as described in the document.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.