Title: Rubber Flooring Removal and Replacement at Frank Crane Arena and Cliff McNabb Arena

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: 4240

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
The City is inviting Proposals from qualified Contractors to remove and replace existing rubber flooring at two City‑owned arenas, providing a durable, safe, and fully adhered flooring system suitable for high‑traffic arena use, as described in Section 5.0 Scope of Services and Requirements.
This Request for Proposal is subject to the New West Partnership Trade Agreement, Canadian Free Trade Agreement - Chapter 5, and the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) - Chapter 19.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Nanaimo
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
4240
Bid Name:
Rubber Flooring Removal and Replacement at Frank Crane Arena and Cliff McNabb Arena
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu May 7, 2026 2:45 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 3:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 29, 2026 3:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City is inviting Proposals from qualified Contractors to remove and replace existing rubber flooring at two City‑owned arenas, providing a durable, safe, and fully adhered flooring system suitable for high‑traffic arena use, as described in Section 5.0 Scope of Services and Requirements.
This Request for Proposal is subject to the New West Partnership Trade Agreement, Canadian Free Trade Agreement - Chapter 5, and the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) - Chapter 19.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Recreation/Education
Recreation Flooring / Restoration (Gym Floor, Rubberized, etc.)
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.