Title: Building Condition Assessments

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: RFT-2026-230

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The Town of Orangeville (the “Town”) is seeking Bids from experienced Engineering Consulting Services to carryout Building Condition assessments at seven (7) town facilities, including Uniformat Level 3 Documentation.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Orangeville
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
RFT-2026-230
Bid Name:
Building Condition Assessments
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 11:56:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Town of Orangeville (the “Town”) is seeking Bids from experienced Engineering Consulting Services to carryout Building Condition assessments at seven (7) town facilities, including Uniformat Level 3 Documentation.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Environmental Goods & Services
Consulting Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.