Title: Employee Benefits Providers Intake 2026

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-12-18

Reference number: CAN-2025-003-02

Bid type: RFPQ - Request for Prequalification

Description:
This Request for Prequalification (the “RFPQ”) is the 2026 intake of the original RFPQ that was initially advertised March 7
th
, 2025. This intake is an opportunity for interested proponents to be evaluated and determine whether they are eligible to be added to the initial RFPQ list of proponents for Canoe Procurement Group of Canada (“Canoe”) and Canoe Benefits LP (“Canoe Benefits”) for the supply of Employee Group benefits as further described in PART B - RFPQ Particulars (the “Deliverables”).
The successful proponent(s) will be invited to enter into a master agreement for the Deliverables for Canoe and Canoe Benefits current and future members. The successful proponents will be considered Prequalified and placed on prequalification lists for Canoe current and future Members to use.
Upon execution of the master agreement, Proponents will be considered as Qualified Suppliers and will be included on the prequalification list(s).
Only the Qualified Suppliers on Canoe’s prequalification list(s) who meet the Member’s unique mandatory requirements will receive further notices of procurement covered by Canoe’s prequalification list(s).
Current Prequalified suppliers included in Part F – List of Current Prequalified Benefits Providers do not need to participate in this RFPQ.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Canoe
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFPQ - Request for Prequalification
Bid Number:
CAN-2025-003-02
Bid Name:
Employee Benefits Providers Intake 2026
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Dec 18, 2026 3:00:00 PM (MST)
Question Deadline:
Fri Nov 13, 2026 12:00:00 PM (MST)
Lead Agency
Canoe Procurement Group of Canada
Number Of Agencies
6000
Participating Agencies
https://canoeprocurement.ca/canoe-current-future-members/
Duration in months:
96
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Prequalification (the “RFPQ”) is the 2026 intake of the original RFPQ that was initially advertised March 7
th
, 2025. This intake is an opportunity for interested proponents to be evaluated and determine whether they are eligible to be added to the initial RFPQ list of proponents for Canoe Procurement Group of Canada (“Canoe”) and Canoe Benefits LP (“Canoe Benefits”) for the supply of Employee Group benefits as further described in PART B - RFPQ Particulars (the “Deliverables”).
The successful proponent(s) will be invited to enter into a master agreement for the Deliverables for Canoe and Canoe Benefits current and future members. The successful proponents will be considered Prequalified and placed on prequalification lists for Canoe current and future Members to use.
Upon execution of the master agreement, Proponents will be considered as Qualified Suppliers and will be included on the prequalification list(s).
Only the Qualified Suppliers on Canoe’s prequalification list(s) who meet the Member’s unique mandatory requirements will receive further notices of procurement covered by Canoe’s prequalification list(s).
Current Prequalified suppliers included in Part F – List of Current Prequalified Benefits Providers do not need to participate in this RFPQ.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Financial Services
Insurance & Retirement Services
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Insurance
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.