Title: Exterior and 347V Interior LED Lighting Upgrades at 4 Schools

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: 26-7850-RFT

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The Waterloo Region District School Board, herein after referred to as the “Board” or "WRDSB" is accepting bid submissions from
prequalified General Contractors of 7430-RFPQ,
by invitation only
(based on awarded project size category) for Tender
26-7850-RFT Exterior and 347V Interior LED Lighting Upgrades at 4 School
.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - WRDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
26-7850-RFT
Bid Name:
Exterior and 347V Interior LED Lighting Upgrades at 4 Schools
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 20, 2026 7:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 11:59:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Waterloo Region District School Board, herein after referred to as the “Board” or "WRDSB"  is accepting bid submissions from
prequalified General Contractors of 7430-RFPQ,
by invitation only
(based on awarded project size category) for Tender
26-7850-RFT Exterior and 347V Interior LED Lighting Upgrades at 4 School
.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.