Title: Supply and Delivery of Seventy-eight 40' Hybrid-Electric Buses and Ten 60' Clean Diesel buses

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-03-16

Closing date: 2026-06-30

Reference number: PRC005384

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The Corporation of the City of Mississauga MiWay Transit (The City) intends to purchase public transit buses. This will include Seventy Eight (78) x forty-foot hybrid-electric buses and Ten (10) x sixty-foot clean diesel buses.
Bidders may bid in whole or in part. The RFT will be awarded to the lowest compliant bidder for each part, meeting all required specifications for the following parts:
Part A- Seventy-Eight (78) x forty-foot hybrid-electric buses
Part B – Ten (10) x sixty-foot clean diesel buses

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Mississauga
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
PRC005384
Bid Name:
Supply and Delivery of Seventy-eight 40' Hybrid-Electric Buses and Ten 60' Clean Diesel buses
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Mar 16, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 30, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue Jun 9, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Corporation of the City of Mississauga MiWay Transit (The City) intends to purchase public transit buses. This will include Seventy Eight (78) x forty-foot hybrid-electric buses and Ten (10) x sixty-foot clean diesel buses.
Bidders may bid in whole or in part. The RFT will be awarded to the lowest compliant bidder for each part, meeting all required specifications for the following parts:
Part A- Seventy-Eight (78) x forty-foot hybrid-electric buses
Part B – Ten (10) x sixty-foot clean diesel buses
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Transit Capital
Major Capital
Bus
Fleet Overhaul
Automotive
Lubricants
Watercraft
Graders
Loaders
Heavy Trucks
Trailers
Rental/Leasing Services
Tractor Implements
Emergency Vehicles
Off Road Equipment
Services
Supplies & Equipment
Excavators
Light Vehicles
Lawn and Farm Equipment
Fire Trucks
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.