Title: York Street Reconstruction Engineering Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Reference number: P24-065

Bid type: Request for Proposal (RFP)

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City of St. Catharines to prospective Proponents to submit proposals for the engineering services relating to the design, contract administration and construction inspection for
York Street Reconstruction Engineering Services
for the full reconstruction of York Street, active transportation, sidewalks, and underground improvements from Welland Avenue to Carlton Street. Active transportation elements from Carlton Street to Perry Street will be incorporated into the design without road reconstruction in this section. Design will incorporate the City’s Active Transportation Master Plan as further described in the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - St Catharines
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal (RFP)
Bid Number:
P24-065
Bid Name:
York Street Reconstruction Engineering Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 14, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 4, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City of St. Catharines to prospective Proponents to submit proposals for the engineering services relating to the design, contract administration and construction inspection for
York Street Reconstruction Engineering Services
for the full reconstruction of York Street, active transportation, sidewalks, and underground improvements from Welland Avenue to Carlton Street. Active transportation elements from Carlton Street to Perry Street will be incorporated into the design without road reconstruction in this section. Design will incorporate the City’s Active Transportation Master Plan as further described in the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.