Title: ITB CMH Steam Sterilizer, Medium - General Contractor Service

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: 6226102

Bid type: ITB

Description:
PROJECT INFORMATION
1. The project includes the phased replacement of two (2) existing 2005 model STERIS steam sterilizers with new like‑for‑like STERIS steam sterilizers within the Medical Device Reprocessing (MDR) room. The Work shall be carried out such that one sterilizer remains fully operational at all times, with uninterrupted access maintained for MDR operations throughout construction. The steam sterilizers shall be procured and installed by Interior Health through STERIS.
The scope of work includes, but is not limited to, the following:
• Demolition, disconnection, and removal of existing steam sterilizers and all associated mechanical and electrical services; patching and restoration of all affected walls, floors, ceilings, and penetrations to match existing finishes.
• Provision and installation of new steam, condensate return, cold water, gravity drain, electrical power, control, data, and mechanical services required for the new sterilizers, including modifications to existing services and installation of fire stopping at all fire‑rated assemblies.
The project also includes the installation of an HVAC split system and all other related work.
2. Contractor is to state the number of weeks to achieve Substantial Completion.
3. The estimated construction budget for this project is $380,000.00

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Interior Health
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
ITB
Bid Number:
6226102
Bid Name:
ITB CMH Steam Sterilizer, Medium - General Contractor Service
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 3:15 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
3
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
PROJECT INFORMATION
1. The project includes the phased replacement of two (2) existing 2005 model STERIS steam sterilizers with new like‑for‑like STERIS steam sterilizers within the Medical Device Reprocessing (MDR) room. The Work shall be carried out such that one sterilizer remains fully operational at all times, with uninterrupted access maintained for MDR operations throughout construction. The steam sterilizers shall be procured and installed by Interior Health through STERIS.
The scope of work includes, but is not limited to, the following:
• Demolition, disconnection, and removal of existing steam sterilizers and all associated mechanical and electrical services; patching and restoration of all affected walls, floors, ceilings, and penetrations to match existing finishes.
• Provision and installation of new steam, condensate return, cold water, gravity drain, electrical power, control, data, and mechanical services required for the new sterilizers, including modifications to existing services and installation of fire stopping at all fire‑rated assemblies.
The project also includes the installation of an HVAC split system and all other related work.
2. Contractor is to state the number of weeks to achieve Substantial Completion.
3. The estimated construction budget for this project is $380,000.00
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Healthcare
Construction
Building & Renovation
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.