Title: Notice of Participation - City of Hamilton

Status: Open

Closing date: 2027-03-09

Reference number: 2026

Bid type: RFP - Goods and Services

Description:
Firefighting Apparatus -
https://www.sourcewell-mn.gov/cooperative-purchasing/113021-OKC
All questions to be submitted to Canoe Procurement.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Hamilton
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP - Goods and Services
Bid Number:
2026
Bid Name:
Notice of Participation - City of Hamilton
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Mar 9, 2027 3:00:59 PM (EST)
Registration Deadline:
Mon Mar 9, 2026 3:15:00 PM (EDT)
Lead Agency
Canoe Procurement
Number Of Agencies
1
Participating Agencies
City of Hamilton
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Please submit in Canoe's website - see link in description
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Firefighting Apparatus -
https://www.sourcewell-mn.gov/cooperative-purchasing/113021-OKC
All questions to be submitted to Canoe Procurement.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Fire Services
Supplies
Sprinkler System
Fire Protection Equipment (Nozzles, Fire extinguisher, props, etc.)
Fire and Intrusion System
Maintenance
Equipment
Vehicles
Emergency Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Documents Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.