Title: Multi-Facility Polymer System Upgrades

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: P35-2025

Bid type: RFP

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Halifax Regional Water Commission (“Halifax Water”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the
Multi-Facility Polymer Systems Upgrade project,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Halifax Water requires upgraded Polymer systems at multiple facilities, due to aging equipment and required process capability enhancements. The facilities that are included in the scope of this project are, Dartmouth WWTF, Eastern Passage WWTF, Halifax WWTF, Herring Cove WWTF and JD Kline WSP. Depending on the individual needs of each facility, there will be differences in requirements for the respective polymer systems, such as the system’s capacity, type of polymer feedstock, etc.
Halifax Water requires Engineering Services to create detailed design drawings and specifications and assist Halifax Water in Equipment Selection / Pre-Purchase through an evaluated RFQ, Tender Support, Construction Phase Services, and final Record Information package. Hence, the deliverables of this assignment include supporting Halifax Water to finalize Equipment Selection / Pre- Purchase RFQ, Shop Drawing Review, integration of equipment supplier details into construction package for system installation, construction phase services, and preparation of record drawings.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Halifax Water
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
P35-2025
Bid Name:
Multi-Facility Polymer System Upgrades
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed May 6, 2026 11:00:00 AM (ADT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 2:00:00 PM (ADT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:00 PM (ADT)
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Halifax Regional Water Commission (“Halifax Water”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the
Multi-Facility Polymer Systems Upgrade project,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Halifax Water requires upgraded Polymer systems at multiple facilities, due to aging equipment and required process capability enhancements. The facilities that are included in the scope of this project are, Dartmouth WWTF, Eastern Passage WWTF, Halifax WWTF, Herring Cove WWTF and JD Kline WSP. Depending on the individual needs of each facility, there will be differences in requirements for the respective polymer systems, such as the system’s capacity, type of polymer feedstock, etc.
Halifax Water requires Engineering Services to create detailed design drawings and specifications and assist Halifax Water in Equipment Selection / Pre-Purchase through an evaluated RFQ, Tender Support, Construction Phase Services, and final Record Information package. Hence, the deliverables of this assignment include supporting Halifax Water to finalize Equipment Selection / Pre- Purchase RFQ, Shop Drawing Review, integration of equipment supplier details into construction package for system installation, construction phase services, and preparation of record drawings.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.