Title: Overhead Door and Gate Inspection and Maintenance Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: P26-048

Bid type: RFP/NRFP

Description:
City of Prince George (the “City) is invites Proposals from qualified, experienced companies to provide the Services for Overhead Doors and Gates Inspection & Maintenance for scheduled maintenance and on an “as needed and when requested” basis as set out in this Request for Proposal.
The overhead door and gate maintenance is currently scheduled infrequently for the 18
th
Ave yard, Firehalls and the RCMP Detachment. All other overhead doors and gates are repaired as requested. The successful Proponent will assist the City in maintaining the asset inventory including scheduling preventative maintenance tasks.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Prince George
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP/NRFP
Bid Number:
P26-048
Bid Name:
Overhead Door and Gate Inspection and Maintenance Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 8, 2026 4:45:00 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 5:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
City of Prince George (the “City) is invites Proposals from qualified, experienced companies to provide the Services for Overhead Doors and Gates Inspection & Maintenance for scheduled maintenance and on an “as needed and when requested” basis as set out in this Request for Proposal.
The overhead door and gate maintenance is currently scheduled infrequently for the 18
th
Ave yard, Firehalls and the RCMP Detachment. All other overhead doors and gates are repaired as requested. The successful Proponent will assist the City in maintaining the asset inventory including scheduling preventative maintenance tasks.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Services
Cleaning
Generator Equipment
Pest Control
Mats & Linens
Industrial Cleaning
Graffiti Removal
Sprinkler System
Window Cleaning
Security & Monitoring
Fencing
Overhead Door
Elevator
Parking Lighting Maintenance
Movers & Storage
Production & Manufacturing Services
Locksmith
Building Automation
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.