Title: Nikka Yuko Pathway Improvements - Construction

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-25

Reference number: COL-26-081

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
This Request for Quotations (“the RFQ”) issued by the City of Lethbridge (the “City”) is an invitation to submit non-binding offers for the provision of
Nikka Yuko Pathway Improvements - Construction
as further described in
Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix C) (the “Deliverables”)
, for the Rates established in the pricing Schedule(s). The respondent selected pursuant to this RFQ process will be informed through electronic communication. Respondents not selected will also be informed through electronic communication.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lethbridge
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
COL-26-081
Bid Name:
Nikka Yuko Pathway Improvements - Construction
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 10:17:00 AM (MDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Mon May 25, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 14, 2026 4:00:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Quotations (“the RFQ”) issued by the City of Lethbridge (the “City”) is an invitation to submit non-binding offers for the provision of
Nikka Yuko Pathway Improvements - Construction
as further described in
Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix C) (the “Deliverables”)
, for the Rates established in the pricing Schedule(s). The respondent selected pursuant to this RFQ process will be informed through electronic communication. Respondents not selected will also be informed through electronic communication.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Tile and Marble Work, All Types
Glass and Glazing
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Plastering Drywall
Insulation
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Painting and Wallpapering
Carpet/ Flooring
Carpentry
Electrical
Concrete
Roofing and Siding
Parks
Facility Management
Concessions
Equipment & Supplies
Engineered Wood Fiber Surface
Aggregates
Sand
Winter Salt
Granular Materials
Asphalt
Concrete
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.