Title: Traffic Counting Equipment

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: RFI 26-0219

Bid type: RFI

Description:
The City's Transportation Department (City) is seeking information on traffic counting equipment and software.
The City currently collects vehicle volumes, speeds, and classifications, as well as turning movement counts and travel‑time surveys. Counts also include active transportation users (pedestrians and cyclists) and are performed as both continuous and short‑duration deployments. Collected data is used to support safety assessments, intersection control and level‑of‑service analyses, development approvals, planning studies, signal coordination, and other operational or planning needs. The City also publishes an annual Average Annual Daily Traffic (AADT) report for streets classified as collectors, arterials, expressways, freeways, and highways.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Saskatoon
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFI
Bid Number:
RFI 26-0219
Bid Name:
Traffic Counting Equipment
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00:59 PM (CST)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 19, 2026 2:00:00 PM (CST)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City's Transportation Department (City) is seeking information on traffic counting equipment and software.
The City currently collects vehicle volumes, speeds, and classifications, as well as turning movement counts and travel‑time surveys. Counts also include active transportation users (pedestrians and cyclists) and are performed as both continuous and short‑duration deployments. Collected data is used to support safety assessments, intersection control and level‑of‑service analyses, development approvals, planning studies, signal coordination, and other operational or planning needs. The City also publishes an annual Average Annual Daily Traffic (AADT) report for streets classified as collectors, arterials, expressways, freeways, and highways.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Traffic Counting
Information Technology
Computer Software
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.