Title: Classroom Automation System

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: P-016-26

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Toronto Catholic District School Board (TCDSB) will be accepting Proposals from qualified vendors for a Classroom Automation System. software and related implementation services (“System
”) solution. As part of this RFP, software providers are invited to respond with their proposed solution. The evaluation process will first focus on evaluating the System, followed by an evaluation of System Implementation providers. The Board invites the Proponents to respond and provide up to three recommended implementation services providers
.
It is the TCDSB’s intention to select a Proponents’ solution to meet its ongoing requirements. TCDSB may, in its sole discretion, issue additional request for supplier qualifications (RFSQ) during the Term to prequalify contractors on a vendor of record list for additional purchases and installation in schools. Stage 2 tenders will be issued to contractors established through the RFSQ.
The timing, scope, and quantities associated with this anticipated deployment remain subject to Board approval, funding availability, and operational requirements. No minimum or guaranteed purchase volumes are expressed or implied.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - TCDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
P-016-26
Bid Name:
Classroom Automation System
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
0
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Toronto Catholic District School Board (TCDSB) will be accepting Proposals from qualified vendors for a Classroom Automation System. software and related implementation services (“System
”) solution. As part of this RFP, software providers are invited to respond with their proposed solution. The evaluation process will first focus on evaluating the System, followed by an evaluation of System Implementation providers. The Board invites the Proponents to respond and provide up to three recommended implementation services providers
.
It is the TCDSB’s intention to select a Proponents’ solution to meet its ongoing requirements.  TCDSB may, in its sole discretion, issue additional request for supplier qualifications (RFSQ) during the Term to prequalify contractors on a vendor of record list for additional purchases and installation in schools. Stage 2 tenders will be issued to contractors established through the RFSQ.
The timing, scope, and quantities associated with this anticipated deployment remain subject to Board approval, funding availability, and operational requirements. No minimum or guaranteed purchase volumes are expressed or implied.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Information Technology
Computer Hardware
Computer Software
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.