Title: Proposed Thorold West Flume

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: 2025-T-43

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
This Request for Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by
The Regional Municipality of Niagara
(“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Proposed Thorold West Flume 2025-T-43,
as further described herein.
Niagara Region
will only consider bids received from bidders who have registered with Bids and Tenders and have obtained the RFT directly from Niagara Region’s public purchasing portal at
https://niagararegion.bidsandtenders.ca/Module/Tenders/en
(the “Bidding System”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2025-T-43
Bid Name:
Proposed Thorold West Flume
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 20, 2026 3:00:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
1
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by
The Regional Municipality of Niagara
(“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Proposed Thorold West Flume 2025-T-43,
as further described herein.
Niagara Region
will only consider bids received from bidders who have registered with Bids and Tenders and have obtained the RFT directly from Niagara Region’s public purchasing portal at
https://niagararegion.bidsandtenders.ca/Module/Tenders/en
(the “Bidding System”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Drainage
Municipal Drains
Other
Contracted Services
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.