Title: GST Mechanical and Interior Upgrades

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: 642-CP2603

Bid type: RFT

Description:
*ELECTRONIC BID SUBMISSIONS ONLY*
PROJECT DESCRIPTION / SCOPE OF WORK:
642-CP2603 Mechanical and Interior Upgrades Project, Good Shepherd Catholic School, 4 Edith Street, Thamesville, ON
** A MANDATORY Site Visit has been scheduled for Wednesday, April 22, 2026 starting at 3:45 PM **
Only General Contractors that have been successfully prequalified by the St. Clair Catholic District School Board under Request for Supplier Qualifications (RFSQ) 2026-FS-01, and who remain in good standing at the time of bid closing, are eligible to submit a Bid in response to this Request for Tender.
Prequalified General Contractors will be eligible to bid based on the Board’s estimated construction value for the Project and the applicable prequalification category to which this Project aligns. The Board reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to determine the appropriate prequalification and budget category.
General Contractors prequalified in Category C have been invited to bid.
Please refer to the Bid Documents for further details.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - St. Clair CDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
642-CP2603
Bid Name:
GST Mechanical and Interior Upgrades
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 1:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 12:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
2
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
*ELECTRONIC BID SUBMISSIONS ONLY*
PROJECT DESCRIPTION / SCOPE OF WORK:
642-CP2603 Mechanical and Interior Upgrades Project, Good Shepherd Catholic School, 4 Edith Street, Thamesville, ON
** A MANDATORY Site Visit has been scheduled for Wednesday, April 22, 2026 starting at 3:45 PM **
Only General Contractors that have been successfully prequalified by the St. Clair Catholic District School Board under Request for Supplier Qualifications (RFSQ) 2026-FS-01, and who remain in good standing at the time of bid closing, are eligible to submit a Bid in response to this Request for Tender.
Prequalified General Contractors will be eligible to bid based on the Board’s estimated construction value for the Project and the applicable prequalification category to which this Project aligns. The Board reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to determine the appropriate prequalification and budget category.
General Contractors prequalified in Category C have been invited to bid.
Please refer to the Bid Documents for further details.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.