Title: Wall Finishes, Ceiling Finishes, Countertops & Supplies

Status: Open

Reference number: 26026-1

Bid type: Non-Binding RFSQ/VOR - Open

Description:
The DSBN hereby invites Submissions from local Suppliers to establish Suppliers of Record for Wall Finishes, Ceiling Finishes, Countertops & Supplies. The DSBN intends to prequalify multiple local suppliers to provide coverage throughout the Niagara region.
The Suppliers storefront must be located near the geographical boundaries of the Niagara Region with suitable proximity to DSBN operating locations.
Objective: This contract is intended to provide the DSBN Maintenance Department with Suppliers of Record for Wall Finishes, Ceiling Finishes, Countertops & Supplies, which would be for the pickup of low dollar value and repetitively used supplies with a minimum of administrative expense.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DSBN
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Non-Binding RFSQ/VOR - Open
Bid Number:
26026-1
Bid Name:
Wall Finishes, Ceiling Finishes, Countertops & Supplies
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Mar 31, 2027 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The DSBN hereby invites Submissions from local Suppliers to establish Suppliers of Record for Wall Finishes, Ceiling Finishes, Countertops & Supplies. The DSBN intends to prequalify multiple local suppliers to provide coverage throughout the Niagara region.
The Suppliers storefront must be located near the geographical boundaries of the Niagara Region with suitable proximity to DSBN operating locations.
Objective: This contract is intended to provide the DSBN Maintenance Department with Suppliers of Record for Wall Finishes, Ceiling Finishes, Countertops & Supplies, which would be for the pickup of low dollar value and repetitively used supplies with a minimum of administrative expense.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Equipment
Vending Equipment
Industrial/Manufacturing
Electronic components
Heavy Equipment
Farming, Fishing, Forestry and Wildlife
Food Services Equipment
Other
Vehicles
Gambling Equipment
Funeral Equipment
Parks & Landscaping
Machinery and Tools
Powered & Non-Powered, Supplies & Accessories
Services
Maintenance - Other
Construction
Building & Renovation
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Building Materials
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.