Title: Maintenance Services of Sports Field Lighting

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Reference number: T26-179

Bid type: Tender

Description:
***
Only Online Submissions will be Accepted for this Tender***
The City invites qualified Bidders for electrical services for the re-lamping and re-ballasting light fixtures at various City owned sports fields.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Vaughan
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
T26-179
Bid Name:
Maintenance Services of Sports Field Lighting
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 8, 2026 11:40:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 10, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Pricing:
$40.00 - Download Only
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
***
Only Online Submissions will be Accepted for this Tender***
The City invites qualified Bidders for electrical services for the re-lamping and re-ballasting light fixtures at various City owned sports fields.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation a document fee of $40.00
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Lighting
Electrical
Utility
Supplies
Services
Maintenance - Other
Construction
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Power Lines
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Trade Services
Electrical
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.