Title: Delivery and install of furniture for Seaton Long Term Care (LTC)

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-03-31

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: T-1021-2026

Bid type: RFT

Description:
Delivery and install of furniture for Seaton Long Term Care (LTC)

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Durham Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
T-1021-2026
Bid Name:
Delivery and install of furniture for Seaton Long Term Care (LTC)
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Mar 31, 2026 3:02:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue Apr 14, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
120
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
In order to support Canadian companies and Canadian jobs, while developing longer term alternatives to diversify our supply chain, the Region of Durham is not awarding contracts to U.S. Businesses. Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Delivery and install of furniture for Seaton Long Term Care (LTC)
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Community & Health Services Programs
Institutional Supplies/Services LTC
Furniture
Office Partitions/ Wall Systems
Office Furniture
School
Library Furniture
Shelving & Storage
Outdoor Furnishings
Visual Display Services
Healthcare
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan takers
The following are the plan takers for this bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.