Title: External Audit Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-28

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: RFP-031-26

Bid type: RFP - Request for Proposal

Description:
The District of North Vancouver (the “District”) invites detailed proposals from
professional accounting firms (“Proponents”)
with expertise in auditing public sector organizations, and in particular, local governments,
in order to provide external audit services and to express audit opinions for the fiscal years 2026 through 2030 on the:
Consolidated Financial Statements of District of North Vancouver;
North Vancouver District Public Library (NVDPL);
North Vancouver Recreation & Culture Commission (NVRC); and
North Shore Emergency Management (NSEM).
Proponents interested in this opportunity are invited to download a copy of the RFP from this site and submit a Proposal.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DNV
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP - Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
RFP-031-26
Bid Name:
External Audit Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 28, 2026 3:30:59 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 4:00:59 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 11:59:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The District of North Vancouver (the “District”) invites detailed proposals from
professional accounting firms (“Proponents”)
with expertise in auditing public sector organizations, and in particular, local governments,
in order to provide external audit services and to express audit opinions for the fiscal years 2026 through 2030 on the:
Consolidated Financial Statements of District of North Vancouver;
North Vancouver District Public Library (NVDPL);
North Vancouver Recreation & Culture Commission (NVRC); and
North Shore Emergency Management (NSEM).
Proponents interested in this opportunity are invited to download a copy of the RFP from this site and submit a Proposal.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Auditing
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.