Title: Western Shore Lift Stations Upgrades

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: MODC-T-2026-003

Bid type: Request for Proposal (Construction)

Description:
This Request for Proposals - Construction ("RFP") is an invitation by the
by the Municipality of the District of Chester (“MODC”) to prospective bidders to submit proposals for upgrades to three (3) existing sewage lift station sites on the Western Shore of the municipality. Please refer to the bid documents for full project details. The estimated project kick off date is May 28, 2026 with a project completion of December 31, 2026.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Chester
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal (Construction)
Bid Number:
MODC-T-2026-003
Bid Name:
Western Shore Lift Stations Upgrades
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 3:00 PM (ADT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 4:30 PM (ADT)
Duration in months:
7
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals - Construction ("RFP") is an invitation by the
by the Municipality of the District of Chester (“MODC”) to prospective bidders to submit proposals for upgrades to three (3) existing sewage lift station sites on the Western Shore of the municipality. Please refer to the bid documents for full project details. The estimated project kick off date is May 28, 2026 with a project completion of December 31, 2026.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.