Title: RFQ - Comox Valley Sports Centre Roof Replacement

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: CVRD-26-015

Bid type: RF Quotations

Description:
The Comox Valley Regional District (CVRD) is seeking quotations from qualified contractors for the replacement and repairs to multiple roof sections at the Comox Valley Sports Centre (CVSC), located at 3001 Vanier Road, Courtenay, BC.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - CVRD
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RF Quotations
Bid Number:
CVRD-26-015
Bid Name:
RFQ - Comox Valley Sports Centre Roof Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 12:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Comox Valley Regional District (CVRD) is seeking quotations from qualified contractors for the replacement and repairs to multiple roof sections at the Comox Valley Sports Centre (CVSC), located at 3001 Vanier Road, Courtenay, BC.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.