Title: Prequalification of General Contractors for Construction of Fire Station #5

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-13

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: RFSQ2026-1

Bid type: Request for Pre-Qualification

Description:
This Request for Supplier Qualifications (“RFSQ”) is an invitation by the City of Pickering (the “City”) to prospective respondents to qualify for eligibility to provide
Prequalification of General Contractors for Construction of Fire Station #5
as further described in Section A of the RFSQ Particulars (Appendix A) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Pickering
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Pre-Qualification
Bid Number:
RFSQ2026-1
Bid Name:
Prequalification of General Contractors for Construction of Fire Station #5
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 13, 2026 11:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 12:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
2
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Supplier Qualifications (“RFSQ”) is an invitation by the City of Pickering (the “City”) to prospective respondents to qualify for eligibility to provide
Prequalification of General Contractors for Construction of Fire Station #5
as further described in Section A of the RFSQ Particulars (Appendix A) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.