Title: Supply, Delivery, Configuration, and Installation of Smart Lockers for Peel Regional Paramedics Services Inventory Management

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-09

Reference number: 2026-291P

Bid type: RFP

Description:
This procurement is issued in accordance with the terms of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), and other applicable trade agreements.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Peel Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026-291P
Bid Name:
Supply, Delivery, Configuration, and Installation of Smart Lockers for Peel Regional Paramedics Services Inventory Management
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 8, 2026 5:45:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 9, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Not Applicable
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This procurement is issued in accordance with the terms of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), and other applicable trade agreements.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Information Technology
Services
Computer Hardware
Computer Software
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Mailing Address:
10 Peel Centre Drive, Suite B, 5th floor, Procurement, Brampton, ON L6T 4B9, Canada
Phone:
905-791-7800 •
Toll-free:
1-888-919-7800 •
E-mail:
procurement@peelregion.ca