Title: Wastewater Characterization at Metro Vancouver's Five Wastewater Treatment Plants

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-08

Reference number: 26-0245

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The work includes a compilation of a technical data report summarizing results from quarterly sampling on the liquid and solid streams of five wastewater treatment plants and conducting a field sampling program. This RFP is for one year plus additional three - one year option years

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Metro Vancouver
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-0245
Bid Name:
Wastewater Characterization at Metro Vancouver's Five Wastewater Treatment Plants
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 8, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon Jun 1, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The work includes a compilation of a technical data report summarizing results from quarterly sampling on the liquid and solid streams of five wastewater treatment plants and conducting a field sampling program. This RFP is for one year plus additional three - one year option years
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Environmental Goods & Services
Consulting Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.