Title: Port Hope Fire Station #2 Replacement, Phase 1, South Access Road

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: 07-FIR-2026

Bid type: ITT

Description:
The project consists of a new Phase 1 driveway connection for the future Port Hope Fire Station No. 2
replacement
located at 55 Fox Road, Port Hope. The scope included but is not limited to a gravel driveway, curb rework, streetlight relocation and fencing work
as indicated on the Contract Drawings and Specifications.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Port Hope
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
ITT
Bid Number:
07-FIR-2026
Bid Name:
Port Hope Fire Station #2 Replacement, Phase 1, South Access Road
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 16, 2026 9:00:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The project consists of a new Phase 1 driveway connection for the future Port Hope Fire Station No. 2
replacement
located at 55 Fox Road, Port Hope. The scope included but is not limited to a gravel driveway, curb rework, streetlight relocation and fencing work
as indicated on the Contract Drawings and Specifications.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Infrastructure
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.