Title: Faithful Avenue Trunks, Primary Watermain and Roadways

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: RFQ 26-0021

Bid type: RFQ-High Score

Description:
The City of Saskatoon is seeking to engage the services of a Contractor to construct primary watermain, sanitary sewer and storm sewer trunk infrastructure, including associated roadway construction, for the segment of Faithful Avenue north of Marquis Drive.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Saskatoon
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ-High Score
Bid Number:
RFQ 26-0021
Bid Name:
Faithful Avenue Trunks, Primary Watermain and Roadways
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 2:00:59 PM (CST)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (CST)
Duration in months:
14
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Saskatoon is seeking to engage the services of a Contractor to construct primary watermain, sanitary sewer and storm sewer trunk infrastructure, including associated roadway construction, for the segment of Faithful Avenue north of Marquis Drive.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Water and Sewer
Emergency Watermain
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.