Title: Waste-to-Energy Facility Engineering Support Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: 26-0310

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Corporation is the owner of Metro Vancouver’s Waste‐to‐Energy Facility (WTEF) located in Burnaby, British Columbia. The plant facility is operated on behalf of the Corporation by Veolia Water Canada, Inc..
The purpose of the services is to provide engineering support for Waste-to-Energy Facility: capital projects; operations and maintenance projects; BC Hydro sales agreement;, and the district energy capital project construction and implementation. Project support will include: review of project requirements, financial/risk analysis, operational and maintenance implications, constructability review, and considerations for impact to rest of plant. The Contract will be for an initial term of three (3) years, with an option to extend for up to three (3) additional one‑year terms, which may be exercised in any combination.
The purpose of this Request for Proposal (“
RFP
”) is for the Corporation to enter into a consulting services agreement (an “
Agreement
”) with the successful proponent for the Services.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Metro Vancouver
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-0310
Bid Name:
Waste-to-Energy Facility Engineering Support Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Corporation is the owner of Metro Vancouver’s Waste‐to‐Energy Facility (WTEF) located in Burnaby, British Columbia. The plant facility is operated on behalf of the Corporation by Veolia Water Canada, Inc..
The purpose of the services is to provide engineering support for Waste-to-Energy Facility: capital projects; operations and maintenance projects; BC Hydro sales agreement;, and the district energy capital project construction and implementation.  Project support will include: review of project requirements, financial/risk analysis, operational and maintenance implications, constructability review, and considerations for impact to rest of plant. The Contract will be for an initial term of three (3) years, with an option to extend for up to three (3) additional one‑year terms, which may be exercised in any combination.
The purpose of this Request for Proposal (“
RFP
”) is for the Corporation to enter into a consulting services agreement (an “
Agreement
”) with the successful proponent for the Services.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Energy
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.