Title: Staff Housing Housekeeping Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-25

Reference number: 2026-005

Bid type: Request for Proposals

Description:
The purpose of this Request for Proposal (RFP) is to select one (1) preferred proponent to enter into an Agreement for the provision of Staff housing housekeeping services.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Yukon Communities
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposals
Bid Number:
2026-005
Bid Name:
Staff Housing Housekeeping Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon May 25, 2026 2:00 PM (YST)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 2:00 PM (YST)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
ken.edwards@yukonhospitals.ca
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The purpose of this Request for Proposal (RFP) is to select one (1) preferred proponent to enter into an Agreement for the provision of Staff housing housekeeping services.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Services
Cleaning
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.