Title: OWNER’S ADVISOR SERVICES FOR THE NEW OUTFALL PROJECT AT THE G.E. BOOTH WATER RESOURCE RECOVERY FACILITY

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-03-10

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: 2026-091P

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Region of Peel (“Agency”) intends to retain a qualified firm to be an Owner’s Advisor (“OA”) to assist and support the Agency to develop and deliver a collaborative capital delivery model for the detailed design and construction of the new Outfall at the G. E. Booth Water Resource Recovery Facility (WRRF) located at 1300 Lakeshore Road in Mississauga.
The bid document will be posted
https://peelregion.bidsandtenders.ca
when available. This procurement is issued in accordance with the terms of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), and other applicable trade agreements.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Peel Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026-091P
Bid Name:
OWNER’S ADVISOR SERVICES FOR THE NEW OUTFALL PROJECT AT THE G.E. BOOTH WATER RESOURCE RECOVERY FACILITY
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Mar 10, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
28
Negotiation Type:
Not Applicable
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Region of Peel (“Agency”) intends to retain a qualified firm to be an Owner’s Advisor (“OA”) to assist and support the Agency to develop and deliver a collaborative capital delivery model for the detailed design and construction of the new Outfall at the G. E. Booth Water Resource Recovery Facility (WRRF) located at 1300 Lakeshore Road in Mississauga.
The bid document will be posted
https://peelregion.bidsandtenders.ca
when available. This procurement is issued in accordance with the terms of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), and other applicable trade agreements.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Mailing Address:
10 Peel Centre Drive, Suite B, 5th floor, Procurement, Brampton, ON L6T 4B9, Canada
Phone:
905-791-7800 •
Toll-free:
1-888-919-7800 •
E-mail:
procurement@peelregion.ca