Title: Professional Services - Balmoral Drive, Brandon Avenue, Dunbar Road, & Katherine Crescent Road Reconstruction

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-08

Reference number: Q26-080

Bid type: RFQ - High Score

Description:
The respondent is expected to complete the pre-design, final design, coordinate all related project needs, tendering, contract administration/inspection and resident/business services during construction of improvements to the roadway, underground services, drainage and other related infrastructure. All design must be completed in accordance with the Region of Waterloo’s Design Guidelines and Supplemental Specifications for Municipal Services (DGSSMS) – most recent version, and the City of Kitchener Subdivision Manual, along with any other relevant City and industry standards (CKSS, OPS etc.), and community plans which are outlined in Appendix D under Material Disclosures.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Kitchener
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFQ - High Score
Bid Number:
Q26-080
Bid Name:
Professional Services - Balmoral Drive, Brandon Avenue, Dunbar Road, & Katherine Crescent Road Reconstruction
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 8, 2026 1:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon Jun 1, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The respondent is expected to complete the pre-design, final design, coordinate all related project needs, tendering, contract administration/inspection and resident/business services during construction of improvements to the roadway, underground services, drainage and other related infrastructure. All design must be completed in accordance with the Region of Waterloo’s Design Guidelines and Supplemental Specifications for Municipal Services (DGSSMS) – most recent version, and the City of Kitchener Subdivision Manual, along with any other relevant City and industry standards (CKSS, OPS etc.), and community plans which are outlined in Appendix D under Material Disclosures.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.