Title: Parks Administration & Maintenance Facility - OPC Expansion Phase 2

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-09

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: T-16-2026

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The intent of this Tender is to establish a contract for all labour, materials, equipment and supervision necessary to complete the Parks Administration and Maintenance Facility project, as required by the Town of Whitby.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Town of Whitby
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
T-16-2026
Bid Name:
Parks Administration & Maintenance Facility - OPC Expansion Phase 2
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 9, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon Apr 27, 2026 11:59:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
18
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
PreQualified Participants of RFPQ-14-2025 - Prequalification for General Contractors - Three (3) Projects
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The intent of this Tender is to establish a contract for all labour, materials, equipment and supervision necessary to complete the Parks Administration and Maintenance Facility project, as required by the Town of Whitby.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Demolition
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Site Meetings
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.