Title: City of Oshawa Community Recreation and Facilities Commercial Naming Rights and Sponsorship

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-19

Reference number: SS1

Bid type: Request for Expression of Interest (R.F.E.O.I.)

Description:
Request for Expression of Interest:
R.F.E.O.I.’s will be received at
sponsorship@oshawa.ca
until 2:00:00 p.m., Local Time:
Date: June 19, 2026
R.F.E.O.I. No.: SS1
For: City of Oshawa Community Recreation and Facilities Commercial Naming Rights and Sponsorship
Vendor Registration is not required for the documents.
Simply click on the "Advertisement" to download.
Submissions will be accepted via email at
sponsorship@oshawa.ca
Any proposal not necessarily accepted.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Oshawa
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Expression of Interest (R.F.E.O.I.)
Bid Number:
SS1
Bid Name:
City of Oshawa Community Recreation and Facilities Commercial Naming Rights and Sponsorship
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 19, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
sponsorship@oshawa.ca
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Request for Expression of Interest:
R.F.E.O.I.’s will be received at
sponsorship@oshawa.ca
until 2:00:00 p.m., Local Time:
Date:   June 19, 2026
R.F.E.O.I. No.:  SS1
For:  City of Oshawa Community Recreation and Facilities Commercial Naming Rights and Sponsorship
Vendor Registration is not required for the documents.
Simply click on the "Advertisement" to download.
Submissions will be accepted via email at
sponsorship@oshawa.ca
Any proposal not necessarily accepted.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Advertising/Marketing
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Documents Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.