Title: Prequalified Roster for Amanda Professional Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-10

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: RFSQ-5-2026

Bid type: Request for Supplier Qualification

Description:
ONLINE SUBMISSIONS ONLY
The Town of Oakville (the Town) is seeking to pre-qualify respondents for various professional services related to AMANDA application for a thirty-six-month period. The objective of this RFSQ is to establish a list of qualified respondents capable of providing expertise in the following two parts:
Part A: Citizen Portal
Part B: Back Office
Pre-qualified respondents will be eligible to participate in potential future Direct Award and Invitational Informal Quotation processes, on an as and required basis.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Oakville
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Supplier Qualification
Bid Number:
RFSQ-5-2026
Bid Name:
Prequalified Roster for Amanda Professional Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 10, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
ONLINE SUBMISSIONS ONLY
The Town of Oakville (the Town) is seeking to pre-qualify respondents for various professional services related to AMANDA application for a thirty-six-month period. The objective of this RFSQ is to establish a list of qualified respondents capable of providing expertise in the following two parts:
Part A: Citizen Portal
Part B: Back Office
Pre-qualified respondents will be eligible to participate in potential future Direct Award and Invitational Informal Quotation processes, on an as and required basis.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Information Technology
Services
Computer Software
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.