Title: Kindergarten Yard and Water Service at Fairfield Elementary School

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-18

Reference number: RFQ 202600121

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
The kindergarten yard at Fairfield Elementary School encompasses comprehensive site work, beginning with the removal of existing surfacing and relocation of existing equipment. Key upgrades include the installation of extensive light-duty asphalt paving, new rolled concrete containment curbing, and log edging. The plan also includes new site features, such as a cedar A-frame playhouse, a storage shed, an outdoor classroom and new fencing. Improvements include planting various shrubs, grasses, and trees, along with lawn restoration.
Water service replacement involves replacing a 125-meter section of 150mm PVC water service, including connections to both the school and the main water system, including the removal of 115 meters of existing 4” ductile iron pipe, the installation of a new fire hydrant, and significant surface restoration work across parking lots, roadways, and sidewalks.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - LDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
RFQ 202600121
Bid Name:
Kindergarten Yard and Water Service at Fairfield Elementary School
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon May 18, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 4, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
3
Negotiation Type:
Refer to RFQ document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to RFQ document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The kindergarten yard at Fairfield Elementary School encompasses comprehensive site work, beginning with the removal of existing surfacing and relocation of existing equipment. Key upgrades include the installation of extensive light-duty asphalt paving, new rolled concrete containment curbing, and log edging. The plan also includes new site features, such as a cedar A-frame playhouse, a storage shed, an outdoor classroom and new fencing. Improvements include planting various shrubs, grasses, and trees, along with lawn restoration.
Water service replacement involves replacing a 125-meter section of 150mm PVC water service, including connections to both the school and the main water system, including the removal of 115 meters of existing 4” ductile iron pipe, the installation of a new fire hydrant, and significant surface restoration work across parking lots, roadways, and sidewalks.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Doors/Windows/Locks
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.