Title: Guelph WRRC Tertiary Treatment and UV Disinfection Upgrade

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-07

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: 26-020-RFT

Bid type: Tender

Description:
a) The supply and delivery of the Guelph WRRC Tertiary Treatment and UV Disinfection Upgrades at the City of Guelph Water Resource Recovery Centre, at 530 Wellington Street West, Guelph, Ontario.
b) The work to be done under this Contract, as specified and/or as shown on the Drawings includes the complete supply of all materials, labour and equipment for the construction of utilities and services required for the Project.
c) Work of this Contract comprises general construction associated with but not limited to:
i. Construction of a new Disk Filter and UV Building, including basins for tertiary disk filters, channels for UV disinfection equipment, water conveyance channels, electrical room, and storage rooms.
ii. Pre-selected tertiary disk filters and backwash systems.
iii. Pre-selected UV disinfection system.
iv. Effluent water reuse pumps.
v. Sodium hypochlorite piping and valving.
vi. New travelling bridge crane.
vii. MCC and electrical panels.
viii. PLCs, control panels, and control and monitoring instruments.
ix. SCADA network infrastructure.
x. Construction of new disk filter influent channel and tie-in at existing RBC channel.
xi. Construction and tie-ins of new yard piping, including backwash water forcemain, effluent water reuse forcemain, and final effluent discharge pipe.
xii. Construction of new paved access roadway at Disk Filter and UV Building.
xiii. Decommissioning of existing sand filters, chlorine CT chamber, and dechlorination system.
xiv. Miscellaneous lighting and other electrical upgrades.
xv. Restoration of all affected areas and pavement.
d) Work shall begin upon contract award and be completed within 650 working days.
The City is seeking Tenders from the pre-qualified list from 25-133. Only those that have pre-qualified through this process and are listed below are eligible to bid.
North America Construction (1993) Ltd.
Maple Reinders Constructors Ltd.
Bennett Mechanical Installations (2001) Ltd
Pomerleau

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Guelph
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
26-020-RFT
Bid Name:
Guelph WRRC Tertiary Treatment and UV Disinfection Upgrade
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 7, 2026 7:41:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:30:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 14, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
30
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
a)           The supply and delivery of the Guelph WRRC Tertiary Treatment and UV Disinfection Upgrades at the City of Guelph Water Resource Recovery Centre, at 530 Wellington Street West, Guelph, Ontario.
b)           The work to be done under this Contract, as specified and/or as shown on the Drawings includes the complete supply of all materials, labour and equipment for the construction of utilities and services required for the Project.
c)            Work of this Contract comprises general construction associated with but not limited to:
i.             Construction of a new Disk Filter and UV Building, including basins for tertiary disk filters, channels for UV disinfection equipment, water conveyance channels, electrical room, and storage rooms.
ii.            Pre-selected tertiary disk filters and backwash systems.
iii.          Pre-selected UV disinfection system.
iv.           Effluent water reuse pumps.
v.            Sodium hypochlorite piping and valving.
vi.           New travelling bridge crane.
vii.         MCC and electrical panels.
viii.        PLCs, control panels, and control and monitoring instruments.
ix.           SCADA network infrastructure.
x.            Construction of new disk filter influent channel and tie-in at existing RBC channel.
xi.           Construction and tie-ins of new yard piping, including backwash water forcemain, effluent water reuse forcemain, and final effluent discharge pipe.
xii.         Construction of new paved access roadway at Disk Filter and UV Building.
xiii.        Decommissioning of existing sand filters, chlorine CT chamber, and dechlorination system.
xiv.         Miscellaneous lighting and other electrical upgrades.
xv.          Restoration of all affected areas and pavement.
d)            Work shall begin upon contract award and be completed within 650 working days.
The City is seeking Tenders from the pre-qualified list from 25-133. Only those that have pre-qualified through this process and are listed below are eligible to bid.
North America Construction (1993) Ltd.
Maple Reinders Constructors Ltd.
Bennett Mechanical Installations (2001) Ltd
Pomerleau
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Other
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.