Title: Supply and Delivery of Sand and Premixed Sand, Including Stockpiling and Mixing Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: 2026-T-30

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
The Region of Niagara on behalf of the Participating Agencies from the Niagara Peninsula Purchasing Committee (NPPC), is inviting Bids for Supply and Delivery of Winter Sand and Stockpile Services, as required by the Participating Agencies.
The Supplier shall furnish all necessary machinery, absorb all cost of production fuel surcharges, insurance premiums, transportation freight, depot storage, handling and other means of labour, to do all the work and supply and deliver all the Material as specified, at the unit prices in the bid form.
For further clarification the work will consist of the following 3 sections:
a) Supply and Delivery of bulk winter sand
b) Mixing (or remixing of previous year) winter sand with salt
c) Stockpiling of Sand
d) Stockpiling of Salt (salt provided by participating agency)

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2026-T-30
Bid Name:
Supply and Delivery of Sand and Premixed Sand, Including Stockpiling and Mixing Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 14, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed Apr 29, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Lead Agency
The Regional Municipality of Niagara
Number Of Agencies
10
Participating Agencies
City of Niagara Falls City of Port Colborne, City of St. Catharines, City of Thorold, City of Welland , Niagara Region- Welland, Niagara Region - Thorold, Niagara Region - Smithville, Niagara Region - Pelham, Town of Fort Erie, Town of Lincoln, Town of Pelham, Township of West Lincoln
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Region of Niagara on behalf of the Participating Agencies from the Niagara Peninsula Purchasing Committee (NPPC), is inviting Bids for Supply and Delivery of Winter Sand and Stockpile Services, as required by the Participating Agencies.
The Supplier shall furnish all necessary machinery, absorb all cost of production fuel surcharges, insurance premiums, transportation freight, depot storage, handling and other means of labour, to do all the work and supply and deliver all the Material as specified, at the unit prices in the bid form.
For further clarification the work will consist of the following 3 sections:
a)       Supply and Delivery of bulk winter sand
b)       Mixing (or remixing of previous year) winter sand with salt
c)       Stockpiling of Sand
d)       Stockpiling of Salt (salt provided by participating agency)
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Supplies
Services (crack sealing, pavement markings, etc.)
Aggregates
Sand
Winter Salt
Granular Materials
Asphalt
Concrete
Transit Operations
Equipment & Supplies
Minerals, Textiles, Plant & Animal Material
Minerals
Machinery and Tools
Services
Construction
Heavy Duty Equipment
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.