Title: Restoration & Accessibility Upgrades - 45 Manchester, St. Catharines

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: PT-26-10

Bid type: PT - Public Tender

Description:
Provide materials, labour, equipment, services and incidentals for three (3) unit restorations at 45 Manchester Avenue in St. Catharines, as indicated in the specifications and in compliance with the requirements of the General Conditions.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - NRH
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
PT - Public Tender
Bid Number:
PT-26-10
Bid Name:
Restoration & Accessibility Upgrades - 45 Manchester, St. Catharines
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Registration Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 11:59:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 15, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Provide materials, labour, equipment, services and incidentals for three (3) unit restorations at 45 Manchester Avenue in St. Catharines, as indicated in the specifications and in compliance with the requirements of the General Conditions.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
Restoration Services
Demolition
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.