Title: Construction of the 49th Parallel Greenway at Aldergrove Regional Park

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: 26-0241

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The purpose of this RFP is to invite Proponents to submit Proposals for Construction of a 3 m wide gravel trail for walking and cycling, including culverts, wood fencing, benches and site restoration (seeding) as illustrated in the drawings and detailed in the specifications and complying with the appendices.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Metro Vancouver
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-0241
Bid Name:
Construction of the 49th Parallel Greenway at Aldergrove Regional Park
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
3
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The purpose of this RFP is to invite Proponents to submit Proposals for Construction of a 3 m wide gravel trail for walking and cycling, including culverts, wood fencing, benches and site restoration (seeding) as illustrated in the drawings and detailed in the specifications and complying with the appendices.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.