Title: RFP St Marks Trail - Feasibility Study and Conceptual Design

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: 10043301

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Through this Request for Proposals (RFP), Toronto and Region Conservation Authority (TRCA) is soliciting Proposals for professional landscape design services with geotechnical, water resources, and pedestrian lighting engineering support for a proposed multi-use trail.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - TRCA
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
10043301
Bid Name:
RFP St Marks Trail - Feasibility Study and Conceptual Design
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Through this Request for Proposals (RFP), Toronto and Region Conservation Authority (TRCA) is soliciting Proposals for professional landscape design services with geotechnical, water resources, and pedestrian lighting engineering support for a proposed multi-use trail.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Geotechnical
Planning
Engineering
Landscaping & Forestry
Supplies & Services
Environmental Goods & Services
Soil testing, Boring, Drilling, Geotechnical, Soil Management
Consulting Services
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.