Title: Medium-Voltage Switch Upgrade for the Braun Building

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: LU26-09

Bid type: Request for Tender

Description:
Lakehead University is seeking proposals from qualified contractors to perform work to complete the Medium-Voltage Switch Upgrade for the Braun Building, located at Lakehead University Campus located at 955 Oliver Road, Thunder Bay, for a Stipulated Price contract, in accordance with Contract Documents.
Contact person:
Aliabbas Bansiwala
Assistant Manager, Procurement Services
Email:
abansiwa@lakeheadu.ca

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lakehead University
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Tender
Bid Number:
LU26-09
Bid Name:
Medium-Voltage Switch Upgrade for the Braun Building
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 3:35:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 18, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
0
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Lakehead University is seeking proposals from qualified contractors to perform work to complete the Medium-Voltage Switch Upgrade for the Braun Building, located at Lakehead University Campus located at 955 Oliver Road, Thunder Bay, for a Stipulated Price contract, in accordance with Contract Documents.
Contact person:
Aliabbas Bansiwala
Assistant Manager, Procurement Services
Email:
abansiwa@lakeheadu.ca
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Tile and Marble Work, All Types
Glass and Glazing
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Plastering Drywall
Insulation
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Painting and Wallpapering
Carpet/ Flooring
Carpentry
Electrical
Concrete
Roofing and Siding
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Electrical
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.