Title: Recreation Development Opportunities - Essex Centre Sport Fields

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Reference number: REI-DP-26-001

Bid type: Request for Interest

Description:
The Town of Essex is located in southwestern Ontario, approximately twenty-eight (28) kilometres southeast of the City of Windsor and is one of seven (7) lower‐tier municipalities in the County of Essex. The Town of Essex consists of four (4) distinct and unique Centres — Essex Centre, Colchester Centre, Harrow Centre and McGregor Centre. The current population of the Town of Essex is 21,216.
This Request for Expressions of Interest (REI) is being issued by the Town of Essex for the purposes of gathering information from parties interested and capable of assisting the Town in the realization of the vison for the Essex Centre Sport Fields (ECSF). The property permits recreational types of uses and buildings or structures designed and intended to accommodate various forms of indoor sports and recreation.
The future Essex Centre Sport Fields are located on seventy (70) acres of property at the corner of Highway 3 and North Malden Road in Essex.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Town of Essex
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Interest
Bid Number:
REI-DP-26-001
Bid Name:
Recreation Development Opportunities - Essex Centre Sport Fields
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 20, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 14, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
33 Talbot Street South, Essex, Ontario, Canada
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Town of Essex is located in southwestern Ontario, approximately twenty-eight (28) kilometres southeast of the City of Windsor and is one of seven (7) lower‐tier municipalities in the County of Essex. The Town of Essex consists of four (4) distinct and unique Centres — Essex Centre, Colchester Centre, Harrow Centre and McGregor Centre. The current population of the Town of Essex is 21,216.
This Request for Expressions of Interest (REI) is being issued by the Town of Essex for the purposes of gathering information from parties interested and capable of assisting the Town in the realization of the vison for the Essex Centre Sport Fields (ECSF). The property permits recreational types of uses and buildings or structures designed and intended to accommodate various forms of indoor sports and recreation.
The future Essex Centre Sport Fields are located on seventy (70) acres of property at the corner of Highway 3 and North Malden Road in Essex.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Recreation/Education
Paint (Field marking, ice paint, etc.)
Musical Instruments - Supplies
Arena & Stadium Supplies
Pool Supplies
Shop Tech Equipment & Supplies
Instructors
Science Equipment & Supplies
Playground Equipment
Court Surface Specialists
Musical Instruments - Repairs
Arena & Stadium Services
Bleachers/Stands
Sporting Goods
Sports Field Lighting
Outdoor Shades
Park Development
Fitness Equipment
Welding Equipment & Supplies
Ice Resurfacer
Blade Sharpening
Pool Services
Recreation Flooring / Restoration (Gym Floor, Rubberized, etc.)
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.