Title: Exterior Envelope Rehabilitation - Ford Ferndale

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: RFT 26-RR-26-06-01

Bid type: RFT

Description:
General Description. The Work Requirements in this RFT involve replacement of vinyl windows, doors, dryer vents, and exterior sealants across multiple housing units at Ford Ferndale in Windsor.
It also includes localized brick masonry restoration, foundation parging, metal lintel restoration, and Siding Replacement at specified units.
For further details regarding the scope of work, please refer to PART 15: DETAILED WORK SPECIFICATIONS
The development comprises of 36 townhouse styled buildings and a 3-storey apartment building located on Reginald and Lassaline Ave Windsor, Ontario. The town houses mainly consist of 2- and
3-bedroom units with a basement levels, constructed of wood-framed structures and clad in a combination of brick veneer and vinyl siding. Apartment building comprises of 22 1-bedroom units.
The entire development was originally constructed in 1971.
Note: Location details are mentioned in this RFT Part 13.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - WECHC
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
RFT 26-RR-26-06-01
Bid Name:
Exterior Envelope Rehabilitation - Ford Ferndale
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 4, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
General Description. The Work Requirements in this RFT involve replacement of vinyl windows, doors, dryer vents, and exterior sealants across multiple housing units at Ford Ferndale in Windsor.
It also includes localized brick masonry restoration, foundation parging, metal lintel restoration, and Siding Replacement at specified units.
For further details regarding the scope of work, please refer to PART 15: DETAILED WORK SPECIFICATIONS
The development comprises of 36 townhouse styled buildings and a 3-storey apartment building located on Reginald and Lassaline Ave Windsor, Ontario. The town houses mainly consist of 2- and
3-bedroom units with a basement levels, constructed of wood-framed structures and clad in a combination of brick veneer and vinyl siding. Apartment building comprises of 22 1-bedroom units.
The entire development was originally constructed in 1971.
Note: Location details are mentioned in this RFT Part 13.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Doors/Windows/Locks
Landscaping & Forestry
Interlocking Brick Maintenance
Trade Services
Roofing and Siding
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.