Title: Modular Buildings and Portable Storage Solutions with Related Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-09

Reference number: RFP 060926

Bid type: RFP - General

Description:
Sourcewell,
a State of Minnesota local government unit and service cooperative,
is requesting proposals for Modular Building and Portable Storage Solutions with Related Services to result in a procurement solution for use by its Participating Entities. Sourcewell Participating Entities include thousands of governmental, higher education, K-12 education, nonprofit, tribal government, and other public agencies located in the United States and Canada.
Sourcewell encourages the use of Small, Minority-owned, Women’s Business Enterprise, Veteran-owned Business Enterprise (S/M/WBE/VBE) suppliers both as prime and subcontractors and encourages the participation of these suppliers in the solicitation process.
A full copy of the Request for Proposals can be found on the Sourcewell Procurement Portal [
https://proportal.sourcewell-mn.gov
]. Only proposals submitted through the Sourcewell Procurement Portal will be considered. Proposals are due no later than June 9, 2026, at
3:30 p.m. Central Time,
and l
ate proposals will not be considered.

FULL_TEXT:

Sourcewell Procurement Portal
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the Sourcewell Procurement Portal home page.
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP - General
Bid Number:
RFP 060926
Bid Name:
Modular Buildings and Portable Storage Solutions with Related Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 9, 2026 3:30:00 PM (CDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon Jun 1, 2026 4:30:00 PM (CDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
Yes
Public Opening Address:
See RFP and FAQ documents for details.
Description:
Sourcewell,
a State of Minnesota local government unit and service cooperative,
is requesting proposals for Modular Building and Portable Storage Solutions with Related Services to result in a procurement solution for use by its Participating Entities. Sourcewell Participating Entities include thousands of governmental, higher education, K-12 education, nonprofit, tribal government, and other public agencies located in the United States and Canada.
Sourcewell encourages the use of Small, Minority-owned, Women’s Business Enterprise, Veteran-owned Business Enterprise (S/M/WBE/VBE) suppliers both as prime and subcontractors and encourages the participation of these suppliers in the solicitation process.
A full copy of the Request for Proposals can be found on the Sourcewell Procurement Portal [
https://proportal.sourcewell-mn.gov
]. Only proposals submitted through the Sourcewell Procurement Portal will be considered. Proposals are due no later than June 9, 2026, at
3:30 p.m. Central Time,
and l
ate proposals will not be considered.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
53121 - Offices of Real Estate Agents and Brokers
531210 - Offices of Real Estate Agents and Brokers
53249 - Other Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment Rental and Leasing
532490 - Other Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment Rental and Leasing
49319 - Other Warehousing and Storage
493190 - Other Warehousing and Storage
49312 - Refrigerated Warehousing and Storage
493120 - Refrigerated Warehousing and Storage
49313 - Farm Product Warehousing and Storage
493130 - Farm Product Warehousing and Storage
49311 - General Warehousing and Storage
493110 - General Warehousing and Storage
23622 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction
236220 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the opportunity:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.