Title: City-Wide Parking Strategy

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: 26-044 RFP

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City is seeking Proposals from qualified Proponents to provide the following:
Consulting services for the development of a City-Wide Parking Strategy.
Work is anticipated to begin upon contract award and be completed by December 2027.
The City is seeking Proposals from Responsible Proponents that have the necessary qualifications and experience to provide the Services sought.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Guelph
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-044 RFP
Bid Name:
City-Wide Parking Strategy
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 4:30:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:30:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
15
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City is seeking Proposals from qualified Proponents to provide the following:
Consulting services for the development of a City-Wide Parking Strategy.
Work is anticipated to begin upon contract award and be completed by December 2027.
The City is seeking Proposals from Responsible Proponents that have the necessary qualifications and experience to provide the Services sought.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Parking
Meters/Pay Display
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.