Title: Dual Zone Monitoring Well 1R Project

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Reference number: IFB#26-111

Bid type: IFB

Description:
The City of Lake Worth Beach (“Owner” hereafter) is soliciting bids from responsible and experienced contractors for the Dual Zone Monitoring Well 1R Project, located in Lake Worth Beach, Florida.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lake Worth Beach
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
IFB
Bid Number:
IFB#26-111
Bid Name:
Dual Zone Monitoring Well 1R Project
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 20, 2026 3:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 4:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
City of Lake Worth Beach, City Hall Financial Services Office - Procurement, 7 North Dixie Hwy., 2nd floor, Lake Worth Beach, FL 33460
Public Opening:
Yes
Public Opening Address:
City of Lake Worth Beach, City Hall Conference Room, 7 North Dixie Hwy., 1st floor, Lake Worth Beach, FL 33460
Description:
The City of Lake Worth Beach (“Owner” hereafter) is soliciting bids from responsible and experienced contractors for the Dual Zone Monitoring Well 1R Project, located in Lake Worth Beach, Florida.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Construction
Drainage
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Local Vendor
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Other
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.