Title: Signage & Installation Services – Liquid Waste Services (LWS) & Water Services (WS) Projects

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: 25-765

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Corporation requires signage provider(s) to provide signage design, layout, manufacturing and installation on an “as and when required” basis as detailed in Section 00 24 10 (Scope of Services).The contract will be for a Four (4) year period with the option to extend the contract for three (3) additional one-year periods which can be exercised in any combination.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Metro Vancouver
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
25-765
Bid Name:
Signage & Installation Services – Liquid Waste Services (LWS) & Water Services (WS) Projects
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue Apr 28, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Corporation requires signage provider(s) to provide signage design, layout, manufacturing and installation on an “as and when required” basis as detailed in Section 00 24 10 (Scope of Services).The contract will be for a Four (4) year period with the option to extend the contract for three (3) additional one-year periods which can be exercised in any combination.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Signs
Maintenance
Signs
Design
Flags, Flag poles, Banners, Accessories
Water and Sewer
Wastewater Treatment & Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.