Title: Concrete pressure pipe watermain condition assessment

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: RFP-1048-2026

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Concrete pressure pipe watermain condition assessment

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Durham Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFP-1048-2026
Bid Name:
Concrete pressure pipe watermain condition assessment
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed May 6, 2026 12:25:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 18, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
In order to support Canadian companies and Canadian jobs, while developing longer term alternatives to diversify our supply chain, the Region of Durham is not awarding contracts to U.S. Businesses. Refer to bid document.
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Concrete pressure pipe watermain condition assessment
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Other
Construction
Drainage
Municipal Drains
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan takers
The following are the plan takers for this bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.