Title: Hopkins St. 111 Industrial Dr. LFG Redesign Construction Project

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Reference number: T-9-2026

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The intent of this Tender is to establish a contract for all labour, materials, equipment & supervision necessary to complete the careful excavation and removal of buried waste materials from the identified area and for the supply and installation of a new Passive Landfill Gas (LFG) collection/venting system
,
as required by the Town of Whitby.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Town of Whitby
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
T-9-2026
Bid Name:
Hopkins St. 111 Industrial Dr. LFG Redesign Construction Project
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 2, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 18, 2026 11:59:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
3
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The intent of this Tender is to establish a contract for all labour, materials, equipment & supervision necessary to complete the careful excavation and removal of buried waste materials from the identified area and for the supply and installation of a new Passive Landfill Gas (LFG) collection/venting system
,
as required by the Town of Whitby.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Environmental Goods & Services
Soil testing, Boring, Drilling, Geotechnical, Soil Management
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Landfill
Waste Container
Green Power
Recycling Containers (green, blue, rain barrel, composter, etc.)
Pollution & Odour Control
Sewage Pumping Station
Consulting Services
Portable Toilets & Septic Services
Construction
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Site Meetings
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.