Title: City of Niagara Falls New Zoning By-law

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: RFP - PBD-PLN-26-1

Bid type: RFP

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “
RFP
”) is an invitation by the City of Niagara Falls (the “City”) to prospective proponents (each a “
Proponent
”) to each submit a proposal (a “
Proposal
”)
for
services related to preparing a new Zoning By-law for the City of Niagara Falls,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “
Deliverables
”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Falls
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFP - PBD-PLN-26-1
Bid Name:
City of Niagara Falls New Zoning By-law
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu May 7, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
19
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “
RFP
”) is an invitation by the City of Niagara Falls (the “City”) to prospective proponents (each a “
Proponent
”) to each submit a proposal (a “
Proposal
”)
for
services related to preparing a new Zoning By-law for the City of Niagara Falls,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “
Deliverables
”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Planning
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.