Title: Provision of 10 GBPS Internet Connectivity with BGP Peering

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-22

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: P-2026-35

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
The Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board invites
bids
for acquiring
School Uniforms and
Physical
Education Uniforms for Secondary Schools
listed in
Appendix A
and
one (1) Elementary School St. Sofia.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DPCDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
P-2026-35
Bid Name:
Provision of 10 GBPS Internet Connectivity with BGP Peering
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 22, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board invites
bids
for acquiring
School Uniforms and
Physical
Education Uniforms for Secondary Schools
listed in
Appendix A
and
one (1) Elementary School St. Sofia.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Clothing and Uniform
School Uniforms
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.