Title: Quinsam Forest Grove Park Design

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: RFP 26-26

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of Campbell River is seeking qualified firms to develop a community-informed concept plan for a new neighbourhood park on a 0.812-hectare property located southwest of Pinecrest Road and Walworth Road in Quinsam Heights. The park shall be designed to primarily serve local residents and feature fewer than three amenities such as a basic playground, sport court, or small-scale community garden. The scope of work includes preparing three (3) preliminary concept designs with Class D cost estimates, engaging the surrounding neighbourhood to gather feedback on parkland use and concept designs, and refining and finalizing a preferred concept plan with associated construction drawings.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Campbell River
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFP 26-26
Bid Name:
Quinsam Forest Grove Park Design
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu May 7, 2026 2:30:00 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Campbell River is seeking qualified firms to develop a community-informed concept plan for a new neighbourhood park on a 0.812-hectare property located southwest of Pinecrest Road and Walworth Road in Quinsam Heights. The park shall be designed to primarily serve local residents and feature fewer than three amenities such as a basic playground, sport court, or small-scale community garden. The scope of work includes preparing three (3) preliminary concept designs with Class D cost estimates, engaging the surrounding neighbourhood to gather feedback on parkland use and concept designs, and refining and finalizing a preferred concept plan with associated construction drawings.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.