Title: Holly Community Park Redevelopment

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Reference number: FIN2026-010P

Bid type: RFP – Consecutive Negotiation

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City of Barrie (the “City”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the Holly Community Park Redevelopment Project,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).
* Electronic Submissions Only. Hard Copy Submissions shall not be accepted. *

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Barrie
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFP – Consecutive Negotiation
Bid Number:
FIN2026-010P
Bid Name:
Holly Community Park Redevelopment
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City of Barrie (the “City”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the Holly Community Park Redevelopment Project,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).
* Electronic Submissions Only. Hard Copy Submissions shall not be accepted. *
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Other
Architectural
Planning
Landscape Architecture
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.