Title: Notice of Planned Procurements - 2026

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-01-28

Closing date: 2026-12-31

Reference number: NPP-2026-02

Bid type: Notice of Planned Procurements

Description:
Notice of Planned Procurements - YEAR 2026
For: Public Works
Water and Wastewater Capital Delivery
This notification is provided to inform suppliers of upcoming planned procurements for the 2026 fiscal year for the Public Works Department and the Water and Wastewater Capital Delivery Department at the Regional Municipality of York.
The list of planned procurements is subject to change and the Region reserves the right to cancel any planned procurement at any time. (Projects are subject to change based on funding, approvals and/or other requirements.)
Bid Documents for individual procurements will be posted to the
York Region Bid Opportunities
page
.
Important Note:
This notice is for informational purposes only. Suppliers may register for a free account in order to preview the list of planned procurements.
For any additional questions, please contact Susan Hope, Program Manager - Procurement at Susan.Hope@york.ca.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - York
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Notice of Planned Procurements
Bid Number:
NPP-2026-02
Bid Name:
Notice of Planned Procurements - 2026
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Jan 28, 2026 8:00:00 AM (EST)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Dec 31, 2026 1:00:00 PM (EST)
Question Deadline:
Thu Dec 24, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EST)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Not Applicable
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Notice of Planned Procurements - YEAR 2026
For:   Public Works
Water and Wastewater Capital Delivery
This notification is provided to inform suppliers of upcoming planned procurements for the 2026 fiscal year for the Public Works Department and the Water and Wastewater Capital Delivery Department at the Regional Municipality of York.
The list of planned procurements is subject to change and the Region reserves the right to cancel any planned procurement at any time. (Projects are subject to change based on funding, approvals and/or other requirements.)
Bid Documents for individual procurements will be posted to the
York Region Bid Opportunities
page
.
Important Note:
This notice is for informational purposes only.  Suppliers may register for a free account in order to preview the list of planned procurements.
For any additional questions, please contact Susan Hope, Program Manager - Procurement at Susan.Hope@york.ca.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Construction
Infrastructure
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Environmental Goods & Services
Sewage Pumping Station
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.