Title: Engineering Services for Port Burwell Bridge Rehabilitation

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Reference number: 2026-P23

Bid type: Request For Proposal

Description:
The County of Elgin is inviting proposals from Consulting Engineers to undertake the detailed design for the Port Burwell Bridge Rehabilitation project.
The Port Burwell Bridge was originally constructed in 1969 and has had a series of rehabilitations over the years. Several major components of the structure have reached the end of their life and require replacement.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Elgin County
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request For Proposal
Bid Number:
2026-P23
Bid Name:
Engineering Services for Port Burwell Bridge Rehabilitation
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon May 4, 2026 4:10:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 3:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The County of Elgin is inviting proposals from Consulting Engineers to undertake the detailed design for the Port Burwell Bridge Rehabilitation project.
The Port Burwell Bridge was originally constructed in 1969 and has had a series of rehabilitations over the years. Several major components of the structure have reached the end of their life and require replacement.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.