Title: Whitehorse area flood mapping study

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: RFP-2026-4-5229

Bid type: Request for Proposals

Description:
Brief Description of the Work: The purpose of this project is to assess, identify and map flood hazards for the community of Whitehorse and surroundings areas in accordance with the Canadian Federal Flood Mapping Guidelines Series.
Community where work will occur: Whitehorse
Traditional Territory where work will occur: Champagne and Aishihik First Nations, Ta'an Kwäch'än Council, Kwanlin Dün First Nation

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Yukon
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposals
Bid Number:
RFP-2026-4-5229
Bid Name:
Whitehorse area flood mapping study
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 4:00:00 PM (YST)
Date of Planned Notice:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 3:00:00 PM (YST)
Estimated Bid Publishing Date:
Wed Apr 29, 2026 12:00:00 PM (YST)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 12:00:00 PM (YST)
Duration in months:
11
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Brief Description of the Work: The purpose of this project is to assess, identify and map flood hazards for the community of Whitehorse and surroundings areas in accordance with the Canadian Federal Flood Mapping Guidelines Series.
Community where work will occur: Whitehorse
Traditional Territory where work will occur: Champagne and Aishihik First Nations, Ta'an Kwäch'än Council, Kwanlin Dün First Nation
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Professional, Strategic, Administrative or Management Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.