Title: Landscape & Natural Heritage Review – Consulting Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Reference number: RFP-2026-017

Bid type: Non-Binding RFP (RFP)

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Corporation of the Town of Newmarket (the “Owner”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for landscape and natural heritage review consulting services as further described in Part IV of the RFP Particulars being (the “Deliverables”). In accordance with Section 3.6, this RFP is non-binding.
As of March 24
th
2025 the Town of Newmarket has adopted a prefer Canadian Supplier policy.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Newmarket
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Non-Binding RFP (RFP)
Bid Number:
RFP-2026-017
Bid Name:
Landscape & Natural Heritage Review – Consulting Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 2:25:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 2, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 26, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Pricing:
$100.00 - Download Only
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Corporation of the Town of Newmarket (the “Owner”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for landscape and natural heritage review consulting services as further described in Part IV of the RFP Particulars being (the “Deliverables”). In accordance with Section 3.6, this RFP is non-binding.
As of March 24
th
2025 the Town of Newmarket has adopted a prefer Canadian Supplier policy.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation a document fee of $100.00
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.