Title: Stratford Education & Recreation Centre (SERC) Track Replacement

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: RFT-2026-04

Bid type: Tender

Description:
The intent of this project is to provide a complete track replacement as more thoroughly defined in each section of the Specification document for the Stratford Education & Recreation Centre track replacement. The successful bidder shall supply the necessary labour, materials, equipment, and services required to complete the track replacement as per the attached General Terms and Conditions, Specifications and Drawings.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Stratford
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
RFT-2026-04
Bid Name:
Stratford Education & Recreation Centre (SERC) Track Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 14, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue Apr 28, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The intent of this project is to provide a complete track replacement as more thoroughly defined in each section of the Specification document for the Stratford Education & Recreation Centre track replacement.  The successful bidder shall supply the necessary labour, materials, equipment, and services required to complete the track replacement as per the attached General Terms and Conditions, Specifications and Drawings.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Recreation/Education
Arena & Stadium Services
Sports Field Lighting
Park Development
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.