Title: Warm Storage Building Replacement - Operations Center

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-10

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: TCS26-030

Bid type: Tenders

Description:
The work under this Contract includes, but is not limited to the following:
.1 All existing buildings must remain in operation at all times; ensure proper coordination and restrictions are followed at all times.
.2 Demolition and removal of the complete existing storage building including concrete foundations.
.3 Complete Architectural, civil, landscaping, Structural, Mechanical and Electrical work required within as required to facilitate new construction.
.4 Work of this project involves all work outlined in the contract documents and will include but is not necessarily limited to site work, concrete foundations, pre-engineered building, new
walls, ceilings, flooring, casework, overhead doors, doors, frames, finishes, cutting, patching, ceilings floors , roofs along with all work associated with Mechanical and Electrical services.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Moncton
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Tenders
Bid Number:
TCS26-030
Bid Name:
Warm Storage Building Replacement - Operations Center
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 10, 2026 2:00:00 PM (ADT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 3:00:00 PM (ADT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:00:00 PM (ADT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The work under this Contract includes, but is not limited to the following:
.1   All existing buildings must remain in operation at all times; ensure proper coordination and restrictions are followed at all times.
.2   Demolition and removal of the complete existing storage building including concrete foundations.
.3   Complete Architectural, civil, landscaping, Structural, Mechanical and Electrical work required within as required to facilitate new construction.
.4    Work of this project involves all work outlined in the contract documents and will include but is not necessarily limited to site work, concrete foundations, pre-engineered building, new
walls, ceilings, flooring, casework, overhead doors, doors, frames, finishes, cutting, patching, ceilings floors , roofs along with all work associated with Mechanical and Electrical services.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Structures & Land
Prefabricated
Permanent Buildings
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Drainage
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Remediation Services
Demolition
Utility
Heavy Duty Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.