Title: Supply and Installation of Play Structures

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: 26-1780GK

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The Ottawa Catholic School Board, (the “Purchaser”), invites Respondents to submit Offers for a supply and installation of play structures on the territory of multiple school facilities. Offers will include the supply, delivery, and installation of all new play equipment, sub-base, and base surface materials, in accordance with the Instructions, Terms and Conditions, Specifications and Scope of Work specified in the Tender Document.
The proposed play structures are to be located in the areas indicated on the attached site plans - Appendix “A”.
Visual Representation of a required Play Structure design / layout is provided separately.
Respondents must visit the site to familiarize themselves with the site conditions and surrounding area. If visiting the site during school hours (9am to 3pm), Respondents must first report to the school office. Respondents must include a plan layout of their design with their Offer.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - OCSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
26-1780GK
Bid Name:
Supply and Installation of Play Structures
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
3
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project documents
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project documents
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Ottawa Catholic School Board, (the “Purchaser”), invites Respondents to submit Offers for a supply and installation of play structures on the territory of multiple school facilities. Offers will include the supply, delivery, and installation of all new play equipment, sub-base, and base surface materials, in accordance with the Instructions, Terms and Conditions, Specifications and Scope of Work specified in the Tender Document.
The proposed play structures are to be located in the areas indicated on the attached site  plans - Appendix “A”.
Visual Representation of a required Play Structure design / layout is provided separately.
Respondents must visit the site to familiarize themselves with the site conditions and surrounding area.  If visiting the site during school hours (9am to 3pm), Respondents must first report to the school office. Respondents must include a plan layout of their design with their Offer.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.