Title: Bids and Tenders - Lincoln

Status: :

Reference number: 2026016FD

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Town intends to procure a new Fire Safety Trailer to enhance the delivery of fire safety and emergency preparedness public education throughout the community.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lincoln
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026016FD
Bid Name:
Fire Safety Trailer RFP (Reissue)
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 15, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 4, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Town intends to procure a new Fire Safety Trailer to enhance the delivery of fire safety and emergency preparedness public education throughout the community.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Fire Services
Supplies
Automotive
Trailers
Fire Trucks
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.