Title: MNO RFP Interior Finish Building D

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-06-15

Reference number: 2026-006

Description:
Provide all labour, materials (where specified), equipment, and supervision required to complete interior finish upgrades within an approximately 2,500 square foot building. Work includes flooring installation, wall and ceiling preparation and painting, tile supply and installation, finish carpentry, and kitchenette supply and installation.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - MNO
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Number:
2026-006
Bid Name:
MNO RFP Interior Finish Building D
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 9:00:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 15, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Date of Planned Notice:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Estimated Bid Publishing Date:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 18, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
18
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Provide all labour, materials (where specified), equipment, and supervision required to complete interior finish upgrades within an approximately 2,500 square foot building. Work includes flooring installation, wall and ceiling preparation and painting, tile supply and installation, finish carpentry, and kitchenette supply and installation.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
None
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Tile and Marble Work, All Types
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Plastering Drywall
Painting and Wallpapering
Carpet/ Flooring
Carpentry
Electrical
Construction
Building & Renovation
Non-Profit Agencies
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.