Title: Trade Prequalification - Greater Sudbury Event Centre

Status: Open

Published date: 2025-10-16

Closing date: 2026-07-31

Reference number: Related to CAO25-178

Bid type: Request for Prequalification

Description:
.
In September 2025, PCL Constructors Northern Ontario Inc. was selected as the Construction Manager for the Greater Sudbury Event Centre.
Sudbury launches construction for new event centre: what do we know? | Sudbury Star
Bidders wishing to prequalify, for various trades and tender packages, should contact PCL Constructors Northern Ontario Inc. (
GSECTendering@pcl.com
) as soon as possible.
Tender packages will be posted on the construction bidding software, SmartBid, between October 2025 and July 2026.
Please disregard Bid Document Access information, below. Prequalification documentation is available by contacting PCL directly.
.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Greater Sudbury
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Prequalification
Bid Number:
Related to CAO25-178
Bid Name:
Trade Prequalification - Greater Sudbury Event Centre
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Oct 16, 2025 3:02:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jul 31, 2026 11:59:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
15
Negotiation Type:
Refer to Bid Solicitation Document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to Bid Solicitation Document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Email to GSECTendering@pcl.com
Public Opening:
No
Description:
.
In September 2025, PCL Constructors Northern Ontario Inc. was selected as the Construction Manager for the Greater Sudbury Event Centre.
Sudbury launches construction for new event centre: what do we know?  | Sudbury Star
Bidders wishing to prequalify, for various trades and tender packages, should contact PCL Constructors Northern Ontario Inc. (
GSECTendering@pcl.com
) as soon as possible.
Tender packages will be posted on the construction bidding software, SmartBid, between October 2025 and July 2026.
Please disregard Bid Document Access information, below.  Prequalification documentation is available by contacting PCL directly.
.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
None
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Tile and Marble Work, All Types
Glass and Glazing
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Plastering Drywall
Insulation
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Painting and Wallpapering
Carpet/ Flooring
Carpentry
Electrical
Concrete
Roofing and Siding
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Documents Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.