Title: Supply and Deliver Municipal Waterworks Parts

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-18

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: 4237

Bid type: Request for Bid

Description:
The City is inviting Bids for the supply and delivery of Municipal Waterworks parts, on an as and when required basis, as generally described in Section 4.0 Scope of Work and Specifications.
Schedule A – Concrete Products;
Schedule B – PVC Fittings;
Schedule C – Brass and Galvanized;
This Request for Bid is subject to the New West Partnership Trade Agreement, Canadian Free Trade Agreement - Chapter 5, and the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) - Chapter 19.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Nanaimo
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Bid
Bid Number:
4237
Bid Name:
Supply and Deliver Municipal Waterworks Parts
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Sat Apr 18, 2026 9:30 AM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 3:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 12:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City is inviting Bids for the supply and delivery of Municipal Waterworks parts, on an as and when required basis, as generally described in Section 4.0 Scope of Work and Specifications.
Schedule A – Concrete Products;
Schedule B – PVC Fittings;
Schedule C – Brass and Galvanized;
This Request for Bid is subject to the New West Partnership Trade Agreement, Canadian Free Trade Agreement - Chapter 5, and the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) - Chapter 19.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Catch Basin Cleaning
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.