Title: Wolk Lake Industrial Corridor - Business Case

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: RFP 26-ED-003

Bid type: Request for Proposal (RFP)

Description:
The M.D. of Bonnyville is developing a business case to support an industrial corridor that aligns with Alberta’s goals of investment attraction, economic diversification, and job creation. The project will assess infrastructure needs—such as utilities, water, and gas—to support industrial growth and community development. It will identify suitable industry clusters, evaluate land and zoning, and analyze economic impacts. The corridor is expected to boost employment, population growth, and municipal revenues. Through strategic planning and collaboration with regional partners, the initiative will enhance investment readiness, support business retention, and foster long-term economic sustainability across the region.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - M.D. of Bonnyville
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal (RFP)
Bid Number:
RFP 26-ED-003
Bid Name:
Wolk Lake Industrial Corridor - Business Case
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The M.D. of Bonnyville is developing a business case to support an industrial corridor that aligns with Alberta’s goals of investment attraction, economic diversification, and job creation. The project will assess infrastructure needs—such as utilities, water, and gas—to support industrial growth and community development. It will identify suitable industry clusters, evaluate land and zoning, and analyze economic impacts. The corridor is expected to boost employment, population growth, and municipal revenues. Through strategic planning and collaboration with regional partners, the initiative will enhance investment readiness, support business retention, and foster long-term economic sustainability across the region.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Building Structures & Land
Prefabricated
Thoroughfares
Portable Buildings
Land
Permanent Buildings
Oil & Gas Operations
Mining Services
Coil Tubing
Downhole Tool Equipment
Field Services
Inspection Services
Vacuum/Pressure Truck Services
Drilling and Completions Equipment
Oilfield Rental
Other
Fluid Hauling and Trucking
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Professional, Strategic, Administrative or Management Services
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.