Title: Watermain & Wastewater Main Replacement on Commerce Crescent from Wallace Street to End in the Town of Halton Hills (Acton)

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: WS-3477A-26

Bid type: RFT

Description:
Refer to project document

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Halton Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
WS-3477A-26
Bid Name:
Watermain & Wastewater Main Replacement on Commerce Crescent from Wallace Street to End in the Town of Halton Hills (Acton)
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 3:05:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Pricing:
$123.93 - Download Only
Duration in months:
16
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Refer to project document
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).

								In addition, the agency fee of $123.93 must be paid.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Utility
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.