Title: Review of Additional Fare Payment Options

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: 33

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The purpose of the request for proposal call is to receive submissions for the completion of a review of the options available to London Transit to expand fare payment options for riders. This review will include an assessment of each option as well as the estimated costs of implementation for each (both operating and capital). In addition, this review will also include an assessment of a move to all-door boarding for Rapid Transit routes only.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - London Transit
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
33
Bid Name:
Review of Additional Fare Payment Options
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 11:00:59 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
450 Highbury Ave. N. London, N5W 5L2
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The purpose of the request for proposal call is to receive submissions for the completion of a review of the options available to London Transit to expand fare payment options for riders.  This review will include an assessment of each option as well as the estimated costs of implementation for each (both operating and capital).  In addition, this review will also include an assessment of a move to all-door boarding for Rapid Transit routes only.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Transit and Transportation
Transit Operations
Equipment & Supplies
Taxi, WheelTrans, Specialty Transport
Operations & Maintenance
Fleet Mechanical, electrical, structural
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.