Title: Biosolids Management

Status: Open

Closing date: 2027-01-29

Reference number: 26-0227

Bid type: REOI

Description:
Please note:
The Submission Type, "Hard Copy Submissions Only" means a submission by email to the address indicated, instead of via online (through the Bids&Tenders portal).
Submission Type: Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
peter.yung@metrovancouver.org
The key objective of this SRFEOI is to identify potential biosolids management solutions that will further develop and/or provide diversification of market opportunities for the Corporation’s biosolids. Solutions that require significant infrastructure or capital investment, such as energy recovery processes and associated technologies, will not be considered under this SRFEOI.
The Corporation welcomes proposals and all proposals will be considered; however, the Corporation places a priority on beneficial use projects that offer:
Maximum benefits derived from the fertilization and soil building properties of biosolids
Cost competitiveness
Environmental, social and financial long term sustainability
Expansion and enhancement of the current beneficial use markets
Diversification of the current biosolids program including geographical coverage
Flexibility in the ability to receive varying daily, weekly, and monthly volumes of biosolids
Management of risk (environmental, financial, etc.)
Projects within the Metro Vancouver region
Winter season receiving capabilities

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Metro Vancouver
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
REOI
Bid Number:
26-0227
Bid Name:
Biosolids Management
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jan 29, 2027 2:00:00 PM (PST)
Question Deadline:
Fri Jan 22, 2027 12:00:00 PM (PST)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
peter.yung@metrovancouver.org
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Please note:
The Submission Type, "Hard Copy Submissions Only" means a submission by email to the address indicated, instead of via online (through the Bids&Tenders portal).
Submission Type:     Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
peter.yung@metrovancouver.org
The key objective of this SRFEOI is to identify potential biosolids management solutions that will further develop and/or provide diversification of market opportunities for the Corporation’s biosolids. Solutions that require significant infrastructure or capital investment, such as energy recovery processes and associated technologies, will not be considered under this SRFEOI.
The Corporation welcomes proposals and all proposals will be considered; however, the Corporation places a priority on beneficial use projects that offer:
Maximum benefits derived from the fertilization and soil building properties of biosolids
Cost competitiveness
Environmental, social and financial long term sustainability
Expansion and enhancement of the current beneficial use markets
Diversification of the current biosolids program including geographical coverage
Flexibility in the ability to receive varying daily, weekly, and monthly volumes of biosolids
Management of risk (environmental, financial, etc.)
Projects within the Metro Vancouver region
Winter season receiving capabilities
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.