Title: RFP - EDTI - 2026 - Digital Fault Recorder (DFR) Equipment Supply

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-23

Reference number: 203600

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The intent of this RFP is to find a Successful Proponent(s) capable of providing the Work described immediately below. A more detailed description of the Work can be found in Appendix 1 (Information)
.
The Vendor(s) will supply and deliver Digital Fault Recorders to furnish EPCOR substation facilities around the Edmonton area.
The Successful Proponent(s) shall enter a five (5) year agreement with EPCOR, pursuant to which the Proponent shall supply EPCOR with Digital Fault Recorders for the full duration of the contract.
EPCOR does not guarantee any volume of Work

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - EPCOR Canada
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
203600
Bid Name:
RFP - EDTI - 2026 - Digital Fault Recorder (DFR) Equipment Supply
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 23, 2026 2:01:59 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue Jun 16, 2026 2:01:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The intent of this RFP is to find a Successful Proponent(s) capable of providing the Work described immediately below. A more detailed description of the Work can be found in Appendix 1 (Information)
.
The Vendor(s) will supply and deliver Digital Fault Recorders to furnish EPCOR substation facilities around the Edmonton area.
The Successful Proponent(s) shall enter a five (5) year agreement with EPCOR, pursuant to which the Proponent shall supply EPCOR with Digital Fault Recorders for the full duration of the contract.
EPCOR does not guarantee any volume of Work
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Electrical
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.