Title: On-Call Architectural Engineering & Consulting Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: RFSO26-09

Bid type: RFSO

Description:
The City of Port Moody is seeking to retain one or more qualified architectural consulting firms to provide a broad range of professional and technical services on an on‑call, as‑required basis. These Services will support the City’s ongoing needs related to facility planning, building maintenance, capital project development, design, and construction implementation.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Port Moody
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFSO
Bid Number:
RFSO26-09
Bid Name:
On-Call Architectural Engineering & Consulting Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Port Moody is seeking to retain one or more qualified architectural consulting firms to provide a broad range of professional and technical services on an on‑call, as‑required basis. These Services will support the City’s ongoing needs related to facility planning, building maintenance, capital project development, design, and construction implementation.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.