Title: Mannheim Water Treatment Plant – Public Address System Upgrades 2069 Ottawa Street South, Kitchener

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: C2026-20

Bid type: Consultant Selection

Description:
The Regional Municipality of Waterloo (the “Region”) wishes to engage the services of a consulting engineering firm (the “Consultant”) to provide engineering services to carry out the de-commissioning and removal of the old Public Address (PA) System at the
Mannheim Water Treatment Plant (MWTP). The Region has decided to upgrade to a Mass Notification System (MNS) to provide enhanced emergency annunciation throughout the Mannheim Plant.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - ROW
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Consultant Selection
Bid Number:
C2026-20
Bid Name:
Mannheim Water Treatment Plant – Public Address System Upgrades 2069 Ottawa Street South, Kitchener
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Regional Municipality of Waterloo (the “Region”) wishes to engage the services of a consulting engineering firm (the “Consultant”) to provide engineering services to carry out the de-commissioning and removal of the old Public Address (PA) System at the
Mannheim Water Treatment Plant (MWTP). The Region has decided to upgrade to a Mass Notification System (MNS) to provide enhanced emergency annunciation throughout the Mannheim Plant.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Environmental Goods & Services
Consulting Services
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
Site Meetings
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.