Title: Abbotsford Recreation Centre - Roof Replacement

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: ITT 1220-2026-4064

Bid type: Invitation to Tender

Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “ITT”) is an invitation by the City of Abbotsford (the “City”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Abbotsford Recreation Centre - Roof Replacement
, as further described in Section A of the ITT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Abbotsford
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Invitation to Tender
Bid Number:
ITT 1220-2026-4064
Bid Name:
Abbotsford Recreation Centre - Roof Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “ITT”) is an invitation by the City of Abbotsford (the “City”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Abbotsford Recreation Centre - Roof Replacement
, as further described in Section A of the ITT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Roofing and Siding
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.