Title: DCDSB 2026 Planned Procurements

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-01-29

Closing date: 2026-07-31

Reference number: 00000

Description:
DCDSB 2026 Planned Procurements including Goods, Services and Construction.
The list of planned procurements is subject to change, and the Board reserves the right to cancel any planned procurement at any time. (Projects are subject to change based on funding, approvals and/or other requirements.)
Bid Documents for individual procurements will be posted to the
Durham Catholic District School Board
page.
Important Note: This notice is for informational purposes only.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DCDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Number:
00000
Bid Name:
DCDSB 2026 Planned Procurements
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Jan 29, 2026 3:10:00 PM (EST)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jul 31, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Date of Planned Notice:
Thu Jan 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EST)
Estimated Bid Publishing Date:
Thu Jan 29, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EST)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
DCDSB 2026 Planned Procurements including Goods, Services and Construction.
The list of planned procurements is subject to change, and the Board reserves the right to cancel any planned procurement at any time. (Projects are subject to change based on funding, approvals and/or other requirements.)
Bid Documents for individual procurements will be posted to the
Durham Catholic District School Board
page.
Important Note: This notice is for informational purposes only.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Equipment
Vending Equipment
Food Services Equipment
Business Services
Document Destruction
Armored Car
Election Service & Supplies
Courier Services, Overnight & Delivery
Transcription Services
Records Management
Scanning Services, Document Conversion services
Answering Services
Trade Services
Tile and Marble Work, All Types
Glass and Glazing
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Plastering Drywall
Insulation
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Painting and Wallpapering
Carpet/ Flooring
Carpentry
Electrical
Concrete
Roofing and Siding
Office/School Equipment, Accessories and Supplies
Office Supplies/School Supplies
Early Learning
Services
Machines and Supplies
Aggregates
Sand
Winter Salt
Granular Materials
Asphalt
Concrete
Non-Medical Equipment, Furniture, Supplies, Stationary or Services
Landscaping & Forestry
Grass Cutting
Utility
Supplies
Services
Travel & Entertainment
Travel
Entertainment
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Furniture
School
Environmental Goods & Services
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Assistive Devices
Building Services
Security & Monitoring
Audio/Visual/Printing/Photography/Theatre
Supplies and Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.