Title: Sports Field Drainage Planned Maintenance Program and On Call Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Reference number: RFP26-19

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of Port Moody Parks & Environment Division is seeking one or more qualified contractors who, in collaboration with the City, will develop a planned maintenance program for all underground field drainage infrastructure and to carry out the associated maintenance work. Required services may include drainage flushing, root and debris removal, minor repairs, and potential drainage improvement projects subject to City review and budget availability. Work may be assigned as part of scheduled annual maintenance or on an as and when required or emergency basis across City fields, parks, and other City-owned lands.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Port Moody
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFP26-19
Bid Name:
Sports Field Drainage Planned Maintenance Program and On Call Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Port Moody Parks & Environment Division is seeking one or more qualified contractors who, in collaboration with the City, will develop a planned maintenance program for all underground field drainage infrastructure and to carry out the associated maintenance work. Required services may include drainage flushing, root and debris removal, minor repairs, and potential drainage improvement projects subject to City review and budget availability. Work may be assigned as part of scheduled annual maintenance or on an as and when required or emergency basis across City fields, parks, and other City-owned lands.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Parks
Facility Management
Concessions
Equipment & Supplies
Engineered Wood Fiber Surface
Landscaping & Forestry
Sod
Artificial Turf
Supplies & Services
Field Restoration
Property Maintenance
Turf Maintenance
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Drainage
Municipal Drains
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.