Title: Archbishop Denis O’Connor Catholic High School HVAC Replacement

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: T26-04

Bid type: Request for Tender

Description:
The purpose of this tender is to replace the HVAC Equipment at Archbishop Denis O’Connor Catholic High School
located in Ajax, Ontario.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DCDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Tender
Bid Number:
T26-04
Bid Name:
Archbishop Denis O’Connor Catholic High School HVAC Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 3:30:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Registration Deadline:
Sun Apr 26, 2026 11:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 4, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The purpose of this tender is to replace the HVAC Equipment at Archbishop Denis O’Connor Catholic High School
located in Ajax, Ontario.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Roofing and Siding
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.