Title: Bids and Tenders - Middlesex Centre

Status: :

Reference number: RFP-PWE-2026-01

Bid type: RFP

Description:
As a minimum the Detailed Engineering Design and Tender Preparation Phase 1 is to include the expansion of the Komoka WWTF treatment capacity from 2,250 m3/day to 2,800 m3/day (or higher if determined through detailed design) through the design and construction of a new headworks facility, improved flow splitting and replacement of the existing tertiary treatment train.
The scope of work is intended to include the design of the necessary upgrades to achieve Phase 1 of the proposed EA including increasing the rated capacity to 2,800 m3/day through:
The scope of work is intending to include:
New headworks building
Upgrades and optimization to re-rate the plant to 2,800 m
3
/day
Upgrade tertiary filtration systems to enhance effluent quality and meet phosphorus removal targets.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Middlesex Centre
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFP-PWE-2026-01
Bid Name:
Komoka Wastewater Treatment Facility Expansion and Upgrades Design and Contract Administration Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 1, 2026 2:30 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
As a minimum the Detailed Engineering Design and Tender Preparation Phase 1 is to include the expansion of the Komoka WWTF treatment capacity from 2,250 m3/day to 2,800 m3/day (or higher if determined through detailed design) through the design and construction of a new headworks facility, improved flow splitting and replacement of the existing tertiary treatment train.
The scope of work is intended to include the design of the necessary upgrades to achieve Phase 1 of the proposed EA including increasing the rated capacity to 2,800 m3/day through:
The scope of work is intending to include:
New headworks building
Upgrades and optimization to re-rate the plant to 2,800 m
3
/day
Upgrade tertiary filtration systems to enhance effluent quality and meet phosphorus removal targets.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Geotechnical
Other
Architectural
Engineering
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Water and Sewer
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Environmental Goods & Services
Pollution & Odour Control
Sewage Pumping Station
Consulting Services
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.