Title: River Crossing Horizontal Directional Drilling (HDD) Works for Electrical Infrastructure

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Reference number: COL-26-050

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by the City of Lethbridge (the “City”) to prospective respondents to submit quotations for
River Crossing Horizontal Directional Drilling (HDD) Works for Electrical Infrastructure
, as further described in Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lethbridge
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
COL-26-050
Bid Name:
River Crossing Horizontal Directional Drilling (HDD) Works for Electrical Infrastructure
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 12:05:00 PM (MDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 2, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by the City of Lethbridge (the “City”) to prospective respondents to submit quotations for
River Crossing Horizontal Directional Drilling (HDD) Works for Electrical Infrastructure
, as further described in Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.