Title: Roofing Burks Falls

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-06-01

Reference number: 2026-005

Description:
The Contractor shall carefully remove and legally dispose of the existing metal roofing system, including but not limited to roof panels, exposed and concealed fasteners, trims, flashings, sealants, closures, and related accessories.
Upon removal, the Contractor shall inspect the roof deck and supporting substrate for visible deterioration, moisture damage, delamination, corrosion, or fastening deficiencies. Minor localized deck repairs necessary for installation continuity shall be included in the Base Bid. Major structural repairs or widespread deck replacement, if encountered, shall be reported immediately to the Owner for direction and pricing through the change process.
The Contractor shall maintain a watertight condition during demolition and replacement operations.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - MNO
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Number:
2026-005
Bid Name:
Roofing Burks Falls
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 8:00:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 1, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Date of Planned Notice:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Estimated Bid Publishing Date:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
3
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Contractor shall carefully remove and legally dispose of the existing metal roofing system, including but not limited to roof panels, exposed and concealed fasteners, trims, flashings, sealants, closures, and related accessories.
Upon removal, the Contractor shall inspect the roof deck and supporting substrate for visible deterioration, moisture damage, delamination, corrosion, or fastening deficiencies. Minor localized deck repairs necessary for installation continuity shall be included in the Base Bid. Major structural repairs or widespread deck replacement, if encountered, shall be reported immediately to the Owner for direction and pricing through the change process.
The Contractor shall maintain a watertight condition during demolition and replacement operations.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
None
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
Non-Profit Agencies
Trade Services
Roofing and Siding
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.