Title: LAKE WORTH BEACH CASINO BUILDING 2ND FLOOR PROPERTIES

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-25

Reference number: ITN #26-100

Bid type: ITN

Description:
The City of Lake Worth Beach (“City”) is seeking competitive, sealed proposals from responsible persons and entities (“Respondents”) to commence negotiations regarding offers to manage, maintain, operate, redesign, renovate, expand, equip, and/or implement creative ventures at the Lake Worth Beach Casino Building 2nd floor properties. The City is seeking such proposals for any or all of the following available options:
Option #1: Proposal for the Casino Building’s Ballroom event space on the 2nd floor. This includes approximately 3,000 SF finished event space and catering kitchen. This may include managing and operating event space and/or any other allowable commercial type of ventures.
Option #2: Project proposal for the Casino Building’s empty space on the 2nd floor. This includes approximately 5,000 SF unfinished space. This may include restaurant/lounge/bar and/or other allowable commercial-type ventures.
Option #3: Combination of Option #1 and Option #2 above that includes plans for the 2nd floor Ballroom event space and unfinished space of the Casino Building.
A more detailed description of the project location, project parameters, redevelopment options, and project criteria is incorporated into this Invitation to Negotiation (“ITN”) at Exhibit “A”.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lake Worth Beach
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
ITN
Bid Number:
ITN #26-100
Bid Name:
LAKE WORTH BEACH CASINO BUILDING 2ND FLOOR PROPERTIES
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 25, 2026 3:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 4:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
City of Lake Worth Beach, Financial Services/Procurement Division, 7 North Dixie Highway, 2nd Floor, Lake Worth Beach, FL 33460
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Lake Worth Beach (“City”) is seeking competitive, sealed proposals from responsible persons and entities (“Respondents”) to commence negotiations regarding offers to manage, maintain, operate, redesign, renovate, expand, equip, and/or implement creative ventures at the Lake Worth Beach Casino Building 2nd floor properties. The City is seeking such proposals for any or all of the following available options:
Option #1: Proposal for the Casino Building’s Ballroom event space on the 2nd floor. This includes approximately 3,000 SF finished event space and catering kitchen. This may include managing and operating event space and/or any other allowable commercial type of ventures.
Option #2: Project proposal for the Casino Building’s empty space on the 2nd floor. This includes approximately 5,000 SF unfinished space. This may include restaurant/lounge/bar and/or other allowable commercial-type ventures.
Option #3: Combination of Option #1 and Option #2 above that includes plans for the 2nd floor Ballroom event space and unfinished space of the Casino Building.
A more detailed description of the project location, project parameters, redevelopment options, and project criteria is incorporated into this Invitation to Negotiation (“ITN”) at Exhibit “A”.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Food
Catering
Real Estate
Real Estate Brokerage Services
Appraisal Services
Sale/Lease of Property
Event Planning or Recreation
Special Events
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.