Title: Prettie Residence Windows Replacement

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: PR26-027

Bid type: Request for Tender

Description:
Lakehead University invites qualified vendors to submit proposals for the Window Replacement for Prettie Residence located at the Thunder Bay Campus. Proposals must align with the requirements outlined in technical specifications document.
All inquiries related to procurement process, procedures, or submissions must be made in writing via email to the contact below:
Patrick Larin
Manager, Procurement Services
Email: plarin@lakeheadu.ca

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lakehead University
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Tender
Bid Number:
PR26-027
Bid Name:
Prettie Residence Windows Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 2:39:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 14, 2026 1:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
0
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Lakehead University invites qualified vendors to submit proposals for the Window Replacement for Prettie Residence located at the Thunder Bay Campus. Proposals must align with the requirements outlined in technical specifications document.
All inquiries related to procurement process, procedures, or submissions must be made in writing via email to the contact below:
Patrick Larin
Manager, Procurement Services
Email: plarin@lakeheadu.ca
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.