Title: Student Photography and/or Yearbooks

Status: Open

Closing date: 2027-08-31

Reference number: 26111-1

Bid type: Non-Binding Request for Supplier Qualifications

Description:
Objective: This contract is intended to provide DSBN elementary and secondary schools with a list of Prequalified Contractors that can provide student photography services and/or yearbook services on an as-needed basis. The DSBN may pre-qualify Contractors for one or both Categories. Each Category is reviewed and selected individually.
Validity: The Prequalified Contractor List will be valid for a period of one (1) year commencing September 1, 2026 to August 31, 2027 with consideration to renew the Contract for four (4) optional separate one-year periods ending August 31, 2031, unless terminated earlier by the DSBN (the “Validity Period”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DSBN
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
Non-Binding Request for Supplier Qualifications
Bid Number:
26111-1
Bid Name:
Student Photography and/or Yearbooks
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Aug 31, 2027 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Objective: This contract is intended to provide DSBN elementary and secondary schools with a list of Prequalified Contractors that can provide student photography services and/or yearbook services on an as-needed basis. The DSBN may pre-qualify Contractors for one or both Categories. Each Category is reviewed and selected individually.
Validity:  The Prequalified Contractor List will be valid for a period of one (1) year commencing September 1, 2026 to August 31, 2027 with consideration to renew the Contract for four (4) optional separate one-year periods ending August 31, 2031, unless terminated earlier by the DSBN (the “Validity Period”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Printing Supplies and Services
Services
Audio/Visual/Printing/Photography/Theatre
Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.