Title: WJ Henderson Community Centre Pro Shop Sales – Vending Machine

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: 2026-15

Bid type: Negotiated Request for Proposal

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by Loyalist Township (the “Township”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals to supply, install, stock, operate, and maintain vending machine services to support Pro Shop Sales at the WJ Henderson Community Centre (WJHCC), with sales focused on equipment and convenience items for use within the Arena and Aquatic Centre (the “Deliverables”), as further described in the RFP Particulars (Appendix B).
The Township’s objective is to secure a qualified vendor partner capable of providing a reliable, customer-focused vending solution that improves the patron experience, supports program and facility operations, and ensures a consistent and appropriate product mix aligned to recreation facility use.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Loyalist
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Negotiated Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
2026-15
Bid Name:
WJ Henderson Community Centre Pro Shop Sales – Vending Machine
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by Loyalist Township (the “Township”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals to supply, install, stock, operate, and maintain vending machine services to support Pro Shop Sales at the WJ Henderson Community Centre (WJHCC), with sales focused on equipment and convenience items for use within the Arena and Aquatic Centre (the “Deliverables”), as further described in the RFP Particulars (Appendix B).
The Township’s objective is to secure a qualified vendor partner capable of providing a reliable, customer-focused vending solution that improves the patron experience, supports program and facility operations, and ensures a consistent and appropriate product mix aligned to recreation facility use.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Equipment
Vending Equipment
Food Services Equipment
Food
Services
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.