Title: On-Call - Consulting and Professional Services - Civil Engineering

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Reference number: RFSO26-02

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of Port Moody invites proposals from consulting and engineering firms to provide “On-call as and when needed Design and Engineering Services” for small scale civil engineering work generally related to road infrastructure.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Port Moody
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFSO26-02
Bid Name:
On-Call - Consulting and Professional Services - Civil Engineering
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Port Moody invites proposals from consulting and engineering firms to provide “On-call as and when needed Design and Engineering Services” for small scale civil engineering work generally related to road infrastructure.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.