Title: County Rd 14 Rehabilitation

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: PW-2026-12

Bid type: RFT (Request for Tender)

Description:
This Request for Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville (“the Counties”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
County Road 14 Rehabilitation
,
as further described in Section A of Appendix D - RFT PARTICULARS (the “Deliverables”) of the tender document.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - UCLG
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT (Request for Tender)
Bid Number:
PW-2026-12
Bid Name:
County Rd 14 Rehabilitation
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 1:10:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville (“the Counties”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
County Road 14 Rehabilitation
,
as further described in Section A of Appendix D - RFT PARTICULARS (the “Deliverables”) of the tender document.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Asphalt
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Infrastructure
Municipal Drains
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Services (crack sealing, pavement markings, etc.)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Instructions
Click Login
(existing users) or
Create Account
(new users)
If you already have an account please proceed to the Login screen.
Create an Account (new users) and please note your username is your email address and remember your password for future login.
To register as a Plan Taker select "bid details”. You will need to agree to our Terms of Service before proceeding.
When the download is complete return to the home page and click on the green download arrow for the bid that you chose.
If you wish to download additional copies simply return to the site and login with the same username and password that was used when you created your account.
Bidders shall acknowledge all addendums that may be issued.
Vendors are encouraged to keep their account profile up to date at all times as important notifications will be sent to the e-mail address associated with this account.