Title: Prime Design Consultant Services for Archibald Arena Rehabilitation

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: RFP 26-0223

Bid type: NRFP

Description:
The City seeks to engage a Prime Design Consultant to provide professional consulting services, either in-house or through the engagement of sub-consultants, for the delivery of the Archibald Arena Rehabilitation Project.
The scope of services includes the preparation of staged design submissions at approximately 50%, 90%, and 100% completion, including design development, preparation of fully coordinated construction documents, associated construction cost estimates, tender phase services, and construction phase services, including site reviews and contract administration.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Saskatoon
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
NRFP
Bid Number:
RFP 26-0223
Bid Name:
Prime Design Consultant Services for Archibald Arena Rehabilitation
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:59 PM (CST)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 2:00:00 PM (CST)
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City seeks to engage a Prime Design Consultant to provide professional consulting services, either in-house or through the engagement of sub-consultants, for the delivery of the Archibald Arena Rehabilitation Project.
The scope of services includes the preparation of staged design submissions at approximately 50%, 90%, and 100% completion, including design development, preparation of fully coordinated construction documents, associated construction cost estimates, tender phase services, and construction phase services, including site reviews and contract administration.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Recreation
Economic Development
Architectural
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.