Title: 2026 Annual Asphalt Patching Program Various Locations

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-08

Reference number: 2026-T-80

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
**NOTE: It is highly recommended that a thorough review of this RFT document be completed. Niagara Region has recently revised several sections of this RFT document. Specifically, changes have been made to how bids, bid security and agreements to bond are to be submitted. Failure to read and comply with the current RFT requirements may result in your bid being declared non-compliant and disqualified.
This Request for Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by
The Regional Municipality of Niagara
(“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
2026-T-80 2026 Annual Asphalt Patching Program Various Locations
, as further described in the RFT document.
Niagara Region
will only consider bids received from bidders who have registered with Bids and Tenders and have obtained the RFT directly from Niagara Region’s public purchasing portal at
https://niagararegion.bidsandtenders.ca/Module/Tenders/en
(the “Bidding System”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2026-T-80
Bid Name:
2026 Annual Asphalt Patching Program Various Locations
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 8, 2026 12:00:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 8, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 25, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
5
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
**NOTE: It is highly recommended that a thorough review of this RFT document be completed. Niagara Region has recently revised several sections of this RFT document. Specifically, changes have been made to how bids, bid security and agreements to bond are to be submitted. Failure to read and comply with the current RFT requirements may result in your bid being declared non-compliant and disqualified.
This Request for Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by
The Regional Municipality of Niagara
(“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
2026-T-80 2026 Annual Asphalt Patching Program Various Locations
, as further described in the RFT document.
Niagara Region
will only consider bids received from bidders who have registered with Bids and Tenders and have obtained the RFT directly from Niagara Region’s public purchasing portal at
https://niagararegion.bidsandtenders.ca/Module/Tenders/en
(the “Bidding System”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Maintenance - Other
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Heavy Duty Equipment
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Services (crack sealing, pavement markings, etc.)
Machinery and Tools
Services
Other
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.