Title: Business Case for Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI)/Automated Meter Reading (AMR) Implemention

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: 2026-025

Bid type: RFP

Description:
This Request for Proposal seeks the services of a qualified multi-disciplinary team to compile relevant information and prepare a Business Case report that will inform the City’s decisions regarding the implementation of an AMI/AMR system.
The successful firm will be tasked with reviewing the AMI and AMR technologies, recommending the preferred technology, and preparing a Business Case Report.
The start of the works is estimated to Start in early Fall 2026. The final report is due no later than six (6) months after first (Kick off) meeting between consultant and the city is completed.
The project award is conditional to Council approval

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Clarence-Rockland
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026-025
Bid Name:
Business Case for Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI)/Automated Meter Reading (AMR) Implemention
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 10:00:01 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:01 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposal seeks the services of a qualified multi-disciplinary team to compile relevant information and prepare a Business Case report that will inform the City’s decisions regarding the implementation of an AMI/AMR system.
The successful firm will be tasked with reviewing the AMI and AMR technologies, recommending the preferred technology, and preparing a Business Case Report.
The start of the works is estimated to Start in early Fall 2026. The final report is due no later than six (6) months after first (Kick off) meeting between consultant and the city is completed.
The project award is conditional to Council approval
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Other
Planning
Engineering
Water and Sewer
Water Meters
Professional, Strategic, Administrative or Management Services
Environmental Goods & Services
Consulting Services
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.