Title: Design Build for Operations Building Expansion

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: P-25-099

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Town is seeking to engage the services of a qualified Design-Build (DB) team to collaborate with the Town's Project Team in completing the design and construction for an expansion of the existing Operations Building. Interested proponents are required to refer to the RFP document for more details.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Innisfil
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
P-25-099
Bid Name:
Design Build for Operations Building Expansion
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 12:00:01 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 11:00:01 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
48
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Town is seeking to engage the services of a qualified Design-Build (DB) team to collaborate with the Town's Project Team in completing the design and construction for an expansion of the existing Operations Building. Interested proponents are required to refer to the RFP document for more details.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the solicitation:
There are no plan takers for this solicitation.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.