Title: Wellington Gateway and Municipal Infrastructure Improvements – Phase 2B

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: RFT-2025-222

Bid type: Request for Tender

Description:
Please refer to the bid documents for more details

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - London
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Tender
Bid Number:
RFT-2025-222
Bid Name:
Wellington Gateway and Municipal Infrastructure Improvements – Phase 2B
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 16, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Pricing:
$40.00 - Download Only
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Not Applicable
Condition for Participation:
Not Applicable
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Please refer to the bid documents for more details
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).

								In addition, the agency fee of $40.00 must be paid.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.