Title: Architectural Design Services (Amenities Building) for the Rolling Meadows Turf Field

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Reference number: 2026-RFP-COT-08

Bid type: RFP

Description:
This Request for Proposal (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City of Thorold (the “City”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the
Architectural Design Services (Amenities Building) for the Rolling Meadows Turf Field,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
The Deliverables include the provision of full professional architectural services, including coordination of structural, mechanical, and electrical design for the planning, design, permitting, tendering, and construction administration of a new on-site amenities building at Rolling Meadows Park, located at the corner of Barker Parkway and Highway 58.
For proposal pricing purposes, proponents shall assume the Amenities Building will be designed as a
public recreational / assembly-use facility
with an indicative gross floor area in the order of
550–750 m²
.
The facility is anticipated to include
public washrooms, team change rooms, officials’ room, concession/community space, storage, and mechanical/electrical support spaces
.
Further details regarding the functional program and design basis are provided in
Appendix H – Functional Program and Building Area (Basis of Design)
.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Thorold
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026-RFP-COT-08
Bid Name:
Architectural Design Services (Amenities Building) for the Rolling Meadows Turf Field
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu May 7, 2026 2:15:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 10, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposal (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City of Thorold (the “City”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the
Architectural Design Services (Amenities Building) for the Rolling Meadows Turf Field,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
The Deliverables include the provision of full professional architectural services, including coordination of structural, mechanical, and electrical design for the planning, design, permitting, tendering, and construction administration of a new on-site amenities building at Rolling Meadows Park, located at the corner of Barker Parkway and Highway 58.
For proposal pricing purposes, proponents shall assume the Amenities Building will be designed as a
public recreational / assembly-use facility
with an indicative gross floor area in the order of
550–750 m²
.
The facility is anticipated to include
public washrooms, team change rooms, officials’ room, concession/community space, storage, and mechanical/electrical support spaces
.
Further details regarding the functional program and design basis are provided in
Appendix H – Functional Program and Building Area (Basis of Design)
.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Environmental Goods & Services
Consulting Services
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.