Title: SAP Cloud ERP Implementation and Migration

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: BM26-267P

Bid type: RFP

Description:
This procurement process, including proposals, any resulting agreement(s), and vendor provision of goods or services under the agreement(s), must comply at all times with all regulatory requirements where applicable, including without limitation, the BPS Procurement Accountability Act, 2010, the BPS procurement directives, the Procurement Restriction Policy and the
Buy Ontario Act (Public Sector Procurement), 2025 (Buy Ontario Act).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - TDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
BM26-267P
Bid Name:
SAP Cloud ERP Implementation and Migration
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 23, 2026 2:15 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This procurement process, including proposals, any resulting agreement(s), and vendor provision of goods or services under the agreement(s), must comply at all times with all regulatory requirements where applicable, including without limitation, the BPS Procurement Accountability Act, 2010, the BPS procurement directives, the Procurement Restriction Policy and the
Buy Ontario Act (Public Sector Procurement), 2025 (Buy Ontario Act).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Information Technology
Services
GIS
Computer Hardware
Computer Software
Servers/Racks/Data Centre/Storage
GPS Products
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.