Title: (GBAPPC 2026-01) Supply & Delivery of Various Street Signs

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: Q-26-010

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
Please refer to the solicitation document.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Innisfil
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
Q-26-010
Bid Name:
(GBAPPC 2026-01) Supply & Delivery of Various Street Signs
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 10:00:01 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 11:00:01 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue Apr 28, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Lead Agency
Town of Innisfil
Number Of Agencies
4
Participating Agencies
City of Orillia, Town of Collingwood, Town of New Tecumseth
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Please refer to the solicitation document.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Signs
Maintenance
Signs
Design
Flags, Flag poles, Banners, Accessories
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the solicitation:
There are no plan takers for this solicitation.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.