Title: Baker Road WWTP EA Outfall Geophysical Survey

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-18

Reference number: 2026-RFP-68

Bid type: Request For Proposal

Description:
This Request for Proposal (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara
(
“Niagara Region”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for 2026-RFP-68- Baker Road WWTP EA Outfall Geophysical Survey, as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
This RFP is a re-issuance of the cancelled 2026-RFP-46
The Baker Road Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP), located at 160 Lake Street in The Town of Grimsby, is owned and operated by Niagara Region. Receiving influent wastewater from a mix of domestic, industrial, and hauled sewage sources, the plant serves the municipalities of Grimsby, Lincoln, and West Lincoln. Treated effluent is discharged through an outfall to Lake Ontario. The WWTP is a Class III conventionally activated sludge treatment facility and has been designed to treat an average daily flow of 31.3 MLD. This facility can fully treat all flows up to 62.6 MLD and provides storm treatment for flows up to a maximum flow rate of 120 MLD.
The Baker Road WWTP’s current capacity is insufficient to meet the demands anticipated by 2051. Expansion of the Baker Road WWTP to 47.3 MLD, as recommended by the 2021 Water and Wastewater Master Servicing Plan Update, presents an opportunity to support the anticipated growth within the service area. Expansion of the WWTP will also require a new outfall sewer pipe to Lake Ontario. Currently, the Region is undertaking a Schedule ‘C’ Class Environmental Assessment (EA) to identify the preferred servicing solution(s) that will contribute to the wastewater system’s long-term sustainability and address immediate needs, intermediate goals, and long-term growth.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request For Proposal
Bid Number:
2026-RFP-68
Bid Name:
Baker Road WWTP EA Outfall Geophysical Survey
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 16, 2026 4:15:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Mon May 18, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposal (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara
(
“Niagara Region”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for 2026-RFP-68- Baker Road WWTP EA Outfall Geophysical Survey, as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
This RFP is a re-issuance of the cancelled 2026-RFP-46
The Baker Road Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP), located at 160 Lake Street in The Town of Grimsby, is owned and operated by Niagara Region. Receiving influent wastewater from a mix of domestic, industrial, and hauled sewage sources, the plant serves the municipalities of Grimsby, Lincoln, and West Lincoln. Treated effluent is discharged through an outfall to Lake Ontario. The WWTP is a Class III conventionally activated sludge treatment facility and has been designed to treat an average daily flow of 31.3 MLD. This facility can fully treat all flows up to 62.6 MLD and provides storm treatment for flows up to a maximum flow rate of 120 MLD.
The Baker Road WWTP’s current capacity is insufficient to meet the demands anticipated by 2051. Expansion of the Baker Road WWTP to 47.3 MLD, as recommended by the 2021 Water and Wastewater Master Servicing Plan Update, presents an opportunity to support the anticipated growth within the service area. Expansion of the WWTP will also require a new outfall sewer pipe to Lake Ontario. Currently, the Region is undertaking a Schedule ‘C’ Class Environmental Assessment (EA) to identify the preferred servicing solution(s) that will contribute to the wastewater system’s long-term sustainability and address immediate needs, intermediate goals, and long-term growth.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Environmental Goods & Services
Soil testing, Boring, Drilling, Geotechnical, Soil Management
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Landfill
Waste Container
Green Power
Recycling Containers (green, blue, rain barrel, composter, etc.)
Pollution & Odour Control
Sewage Pumping Station
Consulting Services
Portable Toilets & Septic Services
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.