Title: Raw Water Pond #3 Sediment Removal

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: ITT-2026-10

Bid type: Invitation to Tender

Description:
This is an invitation to tender for the sediment removal of NRRM’s Raw Water Pond #3. The scope includes: dewatering the pond; fish salvation and relocation; construction of temporary access road with Owner supplied aggregate; removal and disposal of 3,500 cubic meters of accumulated sediment; excavating area in pond for future mixture installation.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Northern Rockies
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Invitation to Tender
Bid Number:
ITT-2026-10
Bid Name:
Raw Water Pond #3 Sediment Removal
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00 PM (YST)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 2:00 PM (YST)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This is an invitation to tender for the sediment removal of NRRM’s Raw Water Pond #3. The scope includes: dewatering the pond; fish salvation and relocation; construction of temporary access road with Owner supplied aggregate; removal and disposal of 3,500 cubic meters of accumulated sediment; excavating area in pond for future mixture installation.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Emergency Watermain
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Municipal Drains
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Other
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.