Title: Bids and Tenders - East Garafraxa

Status: :

Reference number: 03-2026

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
The Township of East Garafraxa is requesting bids from interested parties wishing to custom crush approximately 27,000 metric tonnes crushed to Granular “M” as per OPSS 1010 standard and stockpile the material in the Township Pit located at 351028 17th Line East Part Lot 1, Concession 17, East Garafraxa, ON.
The work will commence no earlier than September 21, 2026, and be completed by November 16, 2026. The main entrance to the gravel pit is off the 17th Line, just North of Erin-East Garafraxa Townline Road.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - East Garafraxa
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
03-2026
Bid Name:
Gravel Crushing
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Township of East Garafraxa is requesting bids from interested parties wishing to custom crush approximately 27,000 metric tonnes crushed to Granular “M” as per OPSS 1010 standard and stockpile the material in the Township Pit located at 351028 17th Line East Part Lot 1, Concession 17, East Garafraxa, ON.
The work will commence no earlier than September 21, 2026, and be completed by November 16, 2026. The main entrance to the gravel pit is off the 17th Line, just North of Erin-East Garafraxa Townline Road.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Granular Materials
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.