Title: Bids and Tenders - East Garafraxa

Status: :

Reference number: RFQ 02-2026

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
The Work to be delivered and performed is as follows: the
supply and delivery of Winter Sand as specified in Schedule A (approximately 3,000 metric tonnes) to this Scope of Work to the Township’s Works Yard located at 191274 13
th
Line, East Garafraxa, ON L9W 7B4 for the 2026/2027 snow and ice controls season; mixing of the Winter Sand with Township-supplied salt and stacking the mixed Winter Sand in the sand dome located at the Township’s Works Yard.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - East Garafraxa
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
RFQ 02-2026
Bid Name:
Winter Sand
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Work to be delivered and performed is as follows:  the
supply and delivery of Winter Sand as specified in Schedule A (approximately 3,000 metric tonnes) to this Scope of Work to the Township’s Works Yard located at 191274 13
th
Line, East Garafraxa, ON L9W 7B4 for the 2026/2027 snow and ice controls season;  mixing of the Winter Sand with Township-supplied salt and stacking the mixed Winter Sand in the sand dome located at the Township’s Works Yard.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Sand
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.