Title: PA System Upgrade – Pope John Paul II School

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-09

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: RFQ-2026-05PJP2PA PA System Upgrade

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
The Thunder Bay Catholic District School Board is seeking quotations from
qualified electrical/low-voltage contractors for a complete PA System Upgrade at
Pope John Paul II School, 205 S. Franklin St., Thunder Bay, ON P7E 1R2. The scope
of work includes demolition and removal of the existing PA system on all three
floors and the supply and installation of a new PA, intercom, and lockdown
notification system, including all associated cabling, equipment, devices, and
programming as detailed in the engineering drawings and specifications prepared
by C.D. Martyn Engineering Ltd. Reference Drawing Package: 24-096

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - TBCDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
RFQ-2026-05PJP2PA PA System Upgrade
Bid Name:
PA System Upgrade – Pope John Paul II School
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 9, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
0
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Thunder Bay Catholic District School Board is seeking quotations from
qualified electrical/low-voltage contractors for a complete PA System Upgrade at
Pope John Paul II School, 205 S. Franklin St., Thunder Bay, ON P7E 1R2. The scope
of work includes demolition and removal of the existing PA system on all three
floors and the supply and installation of a new PA, intercom, and lockdown
notification system, including all associated cabling, equipment, devices, and
programming as detailed in the engineering drawings and specifications prepared
by C.D. Martyn Engineering Ltd. Reference Drawing Package: 24-096
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
None
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Demolition
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.