Title: RFP - General Maintenance Menihek Generating Station

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-25

Reference number: 105727 SY

Bid type: Public Tender

Description:
Attendance at a virtual pre-tender meeting is optional before Submission of Tender. The pretender meeting is scheduled for May 4, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. local time. In the event that the pretender meeting is delayed by Owner, it will be rescheduled before the Tender Closing. Bidders will be given twenty-four (24) hours notice before the rescheduled meeting. Attendance for the pre-tender meeting is recommended before submission of Tender. To schedule a pre-tender site visit, please contact the Supplier representative to make arrangements. See Appendix A Section D for contact information.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - NL Hydro
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Public Tender
Bid Number:
105727 SY
Bid Name:
RFP - General Maintenance Menihek Generating Station
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon May 25, 2026 3:00:59 PM (NDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 11:59:00 PM (NDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
Yes
Public Opening Address:
VIRTUAL ONLY 9am next business day - 1-709-737-1955 Meeting Number 1215# Access Code 1215#
Description:
Attendance at a virtual pre-tender meeting is optional before Submission of Tender. The pretender meeting is scheduled for May 4, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. local time. In the event that the pretender meeting is delayed by Owner, it will be rescheduled before the Tender Closing. Bidders will be given twenty-four (24) hours notice before the rescheduled meeting. Attendance for the pre-tender meeting is recommended before submission of Tender. To schedule a pre-tender site visit, please contact the Supplier representative to make arrangements. See Appendix A Section D for contact information.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
90 - Services and Construction
905 - Rentals
902 - New Construction
906 - Training Services
904 - Support Services
908 - Miscellaneous Services
907 - Professional Services - Consultants
903 - Maintenance Work
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.