Title: Consulting Services - MURF & Sportsplex Facility Plan an Conceptual Design Study

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Reference number: RFP#21-26

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Consulting services for the development of a Facility Plan and Conceptual Design Study for a new indoor Multi-use Recreational Facility (MURF) on the Centre Wellington Community Sportsplex grounds located at 550 Belsyde Avenue East, Fergus.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Centre Wellington
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFP#21-26
Bid Name:
Consulting Services - MURF & Sportsplex Facility Plan an Conceptual Design Study
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 11:00:59 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Consulting services for the development of a Facility Plan and Conceptual Design Study for a new indoor Multi-use Recreational Facility (MURF) on the Centre Wellington Community Sportsplex grounds located at 550 Belsyde Avenue East, Fergus.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Architectural
Planning
Engineering
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.