Title: Flat Roof Replacement

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: RFPc-26-RR-13-01

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Windsor Essex Community Housing Corporation (CHC) is seeking Proponent to submit one proposal for Flat Roof Replacement Services for two multistorey residential buildings located in Windsor, Ontario. The Proponent is expected to provide all labour, supervision, parts, equipment, and materials necessary to perform the roof replacement work as further defined in RFPc Schedule B. The addresses outlined in this RFPc are 255 Riverside Drive East and 120 Oak Street, Windsor, Ontario and further illustrated in Part 13: Location Specifications.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - WECHC
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFPc-26-RR-13-01
Bid Name:
Flat Roof Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue Apr 28, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
7
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Windsor Essex Community Housing Corporation (CHC) is seeking Proponent to submit one proposal for Flat Roof Replacement Services for two multistorey residential buildings located in Windsor, Ontario. The Proponent is expected to provide all labour, supervision, parts, equipment, and materials necessary to perform the roof replacement work as further defined in RFPc Schedule B. The addresses outlined in this RFPc are 255 Riverside Drive East and 120 Oak Street, Windsor, Ontario and further illustrated in Part 13: Location Specifications.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Roofing and Siding
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.