Title: Crisis Assistance and Response (CARE) Mobile Team

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-06-16

Reference number: HRM-2026-0187

Bid type: Request for Proposals

Description:
The Halifax Regional Municipality seeks to contract a service partner to operate a Mobile team for its Crisis Assistance and Response (CARE) Service within the municipality.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Halifax
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposals
Bid Number:
HRM-2026-0187
Bid Name:
Crisis Assistance and Response (CARE) Mobile Team
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 29, 2026 7:02:59 AM (ADT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 16, 2026 2:00:59 PM (ADT)
Question Deadline:
Tue Jun 9, 2026 12:00:00 PM (ADT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Halifax Regional Municipality seeks to contract a service partner to operate a Mobile team for its Crisis Assistance and Response (CARE) Service within the municipality.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Health & Safety
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Other
Social Services
Public Health
Community & Health Services Programs
Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.