Title: Structural Roofing Replacement and Learning Commons Renovation at Prince Edward Collegiate Institute

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: RFQ 2526-009

Bid type: RFQ (Bonding Required)

Description:
This Request for Quotation (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by Hastings and Prince Edward District School Board (“HPEDSB”) to seek quotes from qualified contractors for the work involved in the Structural Roofing Replacement and Learning Commons Renovation at Prince Edward Collegiate Institute. Further detail is described in Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - HPEDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ (Bonding Required)
Bid Number:
RFQ 2526-009
Bid Name:
Structural Roofing Replacement  and Learning Commons Renovation  at Prince Edward Collegiate Institute
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 1:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Quotation (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by Hastings and Prince Edward District School Board (“HPEDSB”) to seek quotes from qualified contractors for the work involved in the Structural Roofing Replacement and Learning Commons Renovation at Prince Edward Collegiate Institute. Further detail is described in Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Tile and Marble Work, All Types
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Plastering Drywall
Insulation
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Painting and Wallpapering
Carpet/ Flooring
Carpentry
Electrical
Concrete
Roofing and Siding
Construction
Building & Renovation
Other
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.