Title: Natural Gas Generator

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: S2026-19

Bid type: Tender

Description:
Tender to supply and install a natural gas generator at Station 61, Port Perry

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Scugog
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
S2026-19
Bid Name:
Natural Gas Generator
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 20, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 4:30 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Tender to supply and install a natural gas generator at Station 61, Port Perry
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Services
Generator Equipment
Site Meetings
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.