Title: Avonlough Sewage Pumping Station- Contract 1

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-01

Reference number: ENG-2026-04 T-06-26

Bid type: Tender

Description:
ENG-2026-04 T-06-26 Avonlough Sewage Pumping Station- Contract 1
City of Belleville (“the City”) invites submissions from the Pre-Qualified General Contractors developed through
RFPQ ENG-2024-26 PQ-03-24 Prequalification of General Contractors for Avonlough Sewage Pumping Station- PHASE 1
to bid on this subsequent Request for Tender (the “RFT”) for the construction of
Avonlough Sewage Pumping Station- PHASE 1,
as further described herein.
The below list outlined the firms that have pre-qualified and are eligible to submit a bid:
MAPLE REINDERS CONSTRUCTORS LTD
North America Construction (1993) Ltd
R.W. Tomlinson Limited
Clearway Construction Inc.
Peak Construction Group Ltd.
ASCO Construction (Toronto) Ltd.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Belleville
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
ENG-2026-04 T-06-26
Bid Name:
Avonlough Sewage Pumping Station- Contract 1
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 1, 2026 1:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
30
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
ENG-2026-04 T-06-26 Avonlough Sewage Pumping Station- Contract 1
City of Belleville (“the City”) invites submissions from the Pre-Qualified General Contractors developed through
RFPQ ENG-2024-26 PQ-03-24 Prequalification of General Contractors for Avonlough Sewage Pumping Station- PHASE 1
to bid on this subsequent Request for Tender (the “RFT”) for the construction of
Avonlough Sewage Pumping Station- PHASE 1,
as further described herein.
The below list outlined the firms that have pre-qualified and are eligible to submit a bid:
MAPLE REINDERS CONSTRUCTORS LTD
North America Construction (1993) Ltd
R.W. Tomlinson Limited
Clearway Construction Inc.
Peak Construction Group Ltd.
ASCO Construction (Toronto) Ltd.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Utility
Supplies
Services
Aggregates
Granular Materials
Asphalt
Concrete
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.