Title: Lindsay WTP Filter Media Replacement, Underdrain Inspection, and Concrete Coating Assessment

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: 2026-044-RFHSQ

Bid type: Request for High Score Quotation

Description:
Lindsay WTP Filter Media Replacement, Underdrain Inspection, and Concrete Coating Assessment

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Kawartha Lakes
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for High Score Quotation
Bid Number:
2026-044-RFHSQ
Bid Name:
Lindsay WTP Filter Media Replacement, Underdrain Inspection, and Concrete Coating Assessment
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 16, 2026 1:30:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
8
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Lindsay WTP Filter Media Replacement, Underdrain Inspection, and Concrete Coating Assessment
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.