Title: Engineer Consulting for the Reconstruction of Albert Street W. Hillsdale

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-10

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Reference number: 2026-29-PW

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Township of Springwater is inviting proposals from qualified engineering consulting firms (referred to as "the Proponent") to provide professional engineering consulting and design services. These services will include conducting all necessary pre-requisite studies, geotechnical evaluations, and detailed design work for the reconstruction of Albert Street West in Hillsdale.
Following the award of the construction contract, the selected firm may also be requested to provide contract administration and site inspection services. However, please note that these services will be considered a provisional item, and their costs will not be included in the overall evaluation of the submissions.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Springwater
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026-29-PW
Bid Name:
Engineer Consulting for the Reconstruction of Albert Street W. Hillsdale
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 10, 2026 4:00:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 26, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 19, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Township of Springwater is inviting proposals from qualified engineering consulting firms (referred to as "the Proponent") to provide professional engineering consulting and design services. These services will include conducting all necessary pre-requisite studies, geotechnical evaluations, and detailed design work for the reconstruction of Albert Street West in Hillsdale.
Following the award of the construction contract, the selected firm may also be requested to provide contract administration and site inspection services. However, please note that these services will be considered a provisional item, and their costs will not be included in the overall evaluation of the submissions.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Management
Geotechnical
Other
Architectural
Energy
Engineering
Environmental Goods & Services
Soil testing, Boring, Drilling, Geotechnical, Soil Management
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Landfill
Waste Container
Green Power
Recycling Containers (green, blue, rain barrel, composter, etc.)
Pollution & Odour Control
Sewage Pumping Station
Consulting Services
Portable Toilets & Septic Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.