Title: Supply and Delivery of One (1) Utility Machine (Bobcat Toolcat UW56 or Approved Equivalent)

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: RFP-2026-035

Bid type: Non-Binding RFP (RFP)

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Corporation of the Town of Newmarket (the “Owner”) to prospective Respondents to submit proposals for the Supply and Delivery of One (1) Utility Machine (Bobcat Toolcat UW56 or approved equivalent), model year 2026 or newer, as further described in Part IV of the RFP Particulars being (the “Deliverables”).
In accordance with Section 3.6, this RFP is non-binding.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Newmarket
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Non-Binding RFP (RFP)
Bid Number:
RFP-2026-035
Bid Name:
Supply and Delivery of One (1) Utility Machine (Bobcat Toolcat UW56 or Approved Equivalent)
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed May 6, 2026 10:00:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 28, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Pricing:
$75.08 - Download Only
Duration in months:
0
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Corporation of the Town of Newmarket (the “Owner”) to prospective Respondents to submit proposals for the Supply and Delivery of One (1) Utility Machine (Bobcat Toolcat UW56 or approved equivalent), model year 2026 or newer, as further described in Part IV of the RFP Particulars being (the “Deliverables”).
In accordance with Section 3.6, this RFP is non-binding.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation a document fee of $75.08
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Automotive
Loaders
Tractor Implements
Off Road Equipment
Light Vehicles
Lawn and Farm Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.