Title: Open VOR - Playground

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-08-31

Reference number: 24141

Bid type: Binding - RFSQ/VOR - Open

Description:
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) intends to establish “Vendors of Record” for the Design, Supply, Delivery and Installation of Playground Equipment on an as needed basis for various DSBN locations. Only Proponents meeting the requirements set out will be considered Vendors of Record.
The ordering of Playground Equipment is not mandatory nor is it mandatory for schools to enter into any agreement with any approved “Vendor of Record” once established.
Proponents achieving pre-qualification will not be assigned or be automatically contracted for work in any school. Pre-qualified Proponents will be deemed as acceptable and recommended as vendors that the schools may choose to use. The DSBN will inform the schools which vendors have successfully pre-qualified and their contact information. The schools will individually decide which vendor they wish to use for this service.
DSBN complies with the Broader Public Sector Directives (as directed by the Province of Ontario); and applicable trade agreements such as Ontario-Quebec Trade and Cooperation Agreement, Comprehensive Economic & Trade Agreement (CETA) and Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DSBN
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
Binding - RFSQ/VOR - Open
Bid Number:
24141
Bid Name:
Open VOR - Playground
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Aug 31, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) intends to establish “Vendors of Record” for the Design, Supply, Delivery and Installation of Playground Equipment on an as needed basis for various DSBN locations. Only Proponents meeting the requirements set out will be considered Vendors of Record.
The ordering of Playground Equipment is not mandatory nor is it mandatory for schools to enter into any agreement with any approved “Vendor of Record” once established.
Proponents achieving pre-qualification will not be assigned or be automatically contracted for work in any school. Pre-qualified Proponents will be deemed as acceptable and recommended as vendors that the schools may choose to use. The DSBN will inform the schools which vendors have successfully pre-qualified and their contact information. The schools will individually decide which vendor they wish to use for this service.
DSBN complies with the Broader Public Sector Directives (as directed by the Province of Ontario); and applicable trade agreements such as Ontario-Quebec Trade and Cooperation Agreement, Comprehensive Economic & Trade Agreement (CETA) and Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Recreation/Education
Paint (Field marking, ice paint, etc.)
Musical Instruments - Supplies
Arena & Stadium Supplies
Pool Supplies
Shop Tech Equipment & Supplies
Instructors
Science Equipment & Supplies
Playground Equipment
Court Surface Specialists
Musical Instruments - Repairs
Arena & Stadium Services
Bleachers/Stands
Sporting Goods
Sports Field Lighting
Outdoor Shades
Park Development
Fitness Equipment
Welding Equipment & Supplies
Ice Resurfacer
Blade Sharpening
Pool Services
Recreation Flooring / Restoration (Gym Floor, Rubberized, etc.)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.