Title: Supply and Delivery of Multiple Electric Pickup Trucks

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: 8567Q

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
The City of Richmond (the “
City
”) is proposing to purchase Multiple Fully Electric Crew Cab Pickup Trucks (the “
Requirements
”), as described in the Contract Documents.
The City intends to purchase four (4) trucks initially and may purchase additional units within 12 (twelve) month period.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Richmond
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
8567Q
Bid Name:
Supply and Delivery of Multiple Electric Pickup Trucks
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Richmond (the “
City
”) is proposing to purchase Multiple Fully Electric Crew Cab Pickup Trucks (the “
Requirements
”), as described in the Contract Documents.
The City intends to purchase four (4) trucks initially and may purchase additional units within 12 (twelve) month period.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Automotive
Light Vehicles
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.