Title: CR-01-2026 Crushing and Stockpiling of Gravel at the Mazure Pit (NE 16-43-09 W4)

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: RFQ2026-08

Bid type: Request for Quotation - RFQ

Description:
This Request for Quotations is an invitation by Flagstaff County to prospective proponents to submit non-binding quotations for the
Crushing and Stockpiling of Gravel for Flagstaff County at the Mazure Pit (NE 16-43-09 W4),
as further described in Section A of the RFQ Particulars.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Flagstaff
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Quotation - RFQ
Bid Number:
RFQ2026-08
Bid Name:
CR-01-2026 Crushing and Stockpiling of Gravel at the Mazure Pit (NE 16-43-09 W4)
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 11:00:00 AM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 4:00:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Quotations is an invitation by Flagstaff County to prospective proponents to submit non-binding quotations for the
Crushing and Stockpiling of Gravel for Flagstaff County at the Mazure Pit (NE 16-43-09 W4),
as further described in Section A of the RFQ Particulars.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Sand
Winter Salt
Granular Materials
Asphalt
Concrete
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.