Title: Outfalls Repair – Consultant

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Reference number: 2026-041

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
The City of Red Deer intends to retain an engineering consultant to provide professional services for the investigation, detailed design, and construction support associated with the rehabilitation and repair of stormwater outfalls. Upon completion of the 2027 outfall works, the City may, at its discretion, continue engagement of the successful Proponent for subsequent stormwater outfall repair programs for four additional years.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Red Deer
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
2026-041
Bid Name:
Outfalls Repair – Consultant
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 20, 2026 4:00:59 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 13, 2026 4:00:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Red Deer intends to retain an engineering consultant to provide professional services for the investigation, detailed design, and construction support associated with the rehabilitation and repair of stormwater outfalls. Upon completion of the 2027 outfall works, the City may, at its discretion, continue engagement of the successful Proponent for subsequent stormwater outfall repair programs for four additional years.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.