Title: Supply and Deliver Winter Road De-icing Material

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: T26-031

Bid type: ITT

Description:
City of Prince George invites bids from suppliers to supply and deliver winter road de-icing products, delivered duty paid (DDP Incoterms® 2020) and unloaded at the at City Yard, in accordance with the terms and conditions outlined herein.
This solicitation may lead to sequential or concurrent negotiations with one or more Bidders offering the lowest bid(s), or to the creation of a Contract without negotiations.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Prince George
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
ITT
Bid Number:
T26-031
Bid Name:
Supply and Deliver Winter Road De-icing Material
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 8, 2026 3:20:00 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 4:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
City of Prince George invites bids from suppliers to supply and deliver winter road de-icing products, delivered duty paid (DDP Incoterms® 2020) and unloaded at the at City Yard, in accordance with the terms and conditions outlined herein.
This solicitation may lead to sequential or concurrent negotiations with one or more Bidders offering the lowest bid(s), or to the creation of a Contract without negotiations.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Winter Salt
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.