Title: RFP to Operate the Primary Food & Beverage Concession at Timmins Celebrates Canada Day

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: 1280

Bid type: RFP

Description:
RFP to Operate the Primary Food & Beverage Concession at Timmins Celebrates Canada Day

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Timmins
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
1280
Bid Name:
RFP to Operate the Primary Food & Beverage Concession at Timmins Celebrates Canada Day
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 4:45:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 9:00:00 AM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Public Opening Address:
220 Algonquin Blvd East Timmins Ontario P4N 1B3
Description:
RFP to Operate the Primary Food & Beverage Concession at Timmins Celebrates Canada Day
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Food
Catering
Services
Event Planning or Recreation
Special Events
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.