Title: Reynolds Park Pavilion

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: 260093

Bid type: Tender

Description:
The City of Brockville is seeking proposals from qualified and experienced contractors for the
construction of a new open-air pavilion at Reynolds Park, located on the waterfront of the St.
Lawrence River.
The pavilion will serve as a prominent community gathering space, providing a scenic and
functional venue for public events, recreation, and social engagement.
The pavilion will be constructed on a structural substructure extending over the existing
shoreline armour stone erosion control protection. The subject property has been designated as
contaminated by the Ministry of the Environment. All work shall be performed in strict
accordance with applicable regulatory requirements and site-specific controls for working in
contaminated conditions. The successful proponent shall implement appropriate environmental
protection measures to mitigate risks associated with construction activities at the site.
The project is based on Issued-for-Tender architectural and structural drawings prepared by IN
Engineering / IN Design, re-issued April 24, 2026.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Brockville
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
260093
Bid Name:
Reynolds Park Pavilion
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
5
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
ewood@brockville.com
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Brockville is seeking proposals from qualified and experienced contractors for the
construction of a new open-air pavilion at Reynolds Park, located on the waterfront of the St.
Lawrence River.
The pavilion will serve as a prominent community gathering space, providing a scenic and
functional venue for public events, recreation, and social engagement.
The pavilion will be constructed on a structural substructure extending over the existing
shoreline armour stone erosion control protection. The subject property has been designated as
contaminated by the Ministry of the Environment. All work shall be performed in strict
accordance with applicable regulatory requirements and site-specific controls for working in
contaminated conditions. The successful proponent shall implement appropriate environmental
protection measures to mitigate risks associated with construction activities at the site.
The project is based on Issued-for-Tender architectural and structural drawings prepared by IN
Engineering / IN Design, re-issued April 24, 2026.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Building Structures & Land
Permanent Buildings
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.