Title: Hydrothermal Liquefaction Products Management – Research and Development

Status: Open

Reference number: 25-767

Bid type: REOI

Description:
The key objective of this SRFEOI is to identify potential proponents regarding the management and beneficial use of products generated by the Hydrothermal Liquefaction (HTL) Demonstration Facility at Annacis Island Wastewater Treatment Plant (“HTL Demonstration Facility”). The feedstock for the HTL Demonstration Facility is wastewater sludge. The HTL products include biocrude, an aqueous stream, and a solid precipitate. The Corporation wishes to provide samples of the products to researchers and industry who intend to advance scientific knowledge, treatment options, and beneficial uses of the HTL products, toward the ultimate goal of developing management solutions for products from full-scale HTL of sludge.
The Corporation welcomes proposals till the end of 2028, and all proposals will be reviewed.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Metro Vancouver
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
REOI
Bid Number:
25-767
Bid Name:
Hydrothermal Liquefaction Products Management – Research and Development
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Sun Dec 31, 2028 2:00:00 PM (PST)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
gurpreet.tatla@metrovancouver.org
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The key objective of this SRFEOI is to identify potential proponents regarding the management and beneficial use of products generated by the Hydrothermal Liquefaction (HTL) Demonstration Facility at Annacis Island Wastewater Treatment Plant (“HTL Demonstration Facility”).  The feedstock for the HTL Demonstration Facility is wastewater sludge. The HTL products include biocrude, an aqueous stream, and a solid precipitate. The Corporation wishes to provide samples of the products to researchers and industry who intend to advance scientific knowledge, treatment options, and beneficial uses of the HTL products, toward the ultimate goal of developing management solutions for products from full-scale HTL of sludge.
The Corporation welcomes proposals till the end of 2028, and all proposals will be reviewed.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.