Title: Consulting Services - Building Enclosure - Review & Design - As & When Required - Various Locations

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: RFSO-033-26

Bid type: RFSO - Request for Standing Offer

Description:
The District invites detailed Submissions from engineering consulting firms (“Bidder”) with expertise in the provision of building enclosure review and design as well as other related services. A full breakdown of expected experience and scope is provided in Section 2.0.
With this Bid Opportunity the District intends to achieve the following objective:
•
STANDING OFFER AGREEMENT(S) (SOAs)
Award an SOA to one (1) or more Bidders for the provision of future building enclosure reviews, design, and construction work as well as other related services generally of small to large scale in scope, size and complexity at various District owned facilities on an as and when requested basis.
•
COOPERATIVE PURCHASING
Allow District partnership agencies as listed below to access the pricing, terms and conditions of any contract (s) awarded to any successful Bidder(s) of this RFSO.
o North Vancouver Recreation and Culture Commission (NVRC)
Bidders interested in this opportunity are invited to submit an offer.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DNV
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFSO - Request for Standing Offer
Bid Number:
RFSO-033-26
Bid Name:
Consulting Services - Building Enclosure - Review & Design - As & When Required - Various Locations
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 16, 2026 4:00:59 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 4:00:59 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:00:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The District invites detailed Submissions from engineering consulting firms (“Bidder”) with expertise in the provision of building enclosure review and design as well as other related services. A full breakdown of expected experience and scope is provided in Section 2.0.
With this Bid Opportunity the District intends to achieve the following objective:
•
STANDING OFFER AGREEMENT(S) (SOAs)
Award an SOA to one (1) or more Bidders for the provision of future building enclosure reviews, design, and construction work as well as other related services generally of small to large scale in scope, size and complexity at various District owned facilities on an as and when requested basis.
•
COOPERATIVE PURCHASING
Allow District partnership agencies as listed below to access the pricing, terms and conditions of any contract (s) awarded to any successful Bidder(s) of this RFSO.
o North Vancouver Recreation and Culture Commission (NVRC)
Bidders interested in this opportunity are invited to submit an offer.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.