Title: Reservoir Replacement: McNutt Road

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: 26-040

Bid type: ITT

Description:
The City of Maple Ridge (“City”) invites Tenders from general contractors prequalified through 25-094 Reservoir Upgrades Prequalification for the McNutt Reservoir Replacement Project. The work generally consists of, but is not limited to the supply and installation of a new 1.275 ML glass-fused-to-steel (GFS) bolted potable water storage tank; a new altitude valve chamber and associated water main to connect to the existing potable water supply network; installation of new tank drain manholes with HS-20 rated access hatches and associated stormwater piping and valves; demolition of an existing bolted steel reservoir; common embankment excavation; site grading and restoration; fencing; subsequent mechanical and electrical improvements; startup, testing and commissioning of new and relocated equipment and all incidental and related work to complete the project as detailed and specified in the Contract Documents.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Maple Ridge
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
ITT
Bid Number:
26-040
Bid Name:
Reservoir Replacement: McNutt Road
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 9:30 AM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 28, 2026 11:59 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
13
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Maple Ridge (“City”) invites Tenders from general contractors prequalified through 25-094 Reservoir Upgrades Prequalification for the McNutt Reservoir Replacement Project. The work generally consists of, but is not limited to the supply and installation of a new 1.275 ML glass-fused-to-steel (GFS) bolted potable water storage tank; a new altitude valve chamber and associated water main to connect to the existing potable water supply network; installation of new tank drain manholes with HS-20 rated access hatches and associated stormwater piping and valves; demolition of an existing bolted steel reservoir; common embankment excavation; site grading and restoration; fencing; subsequent mechanical and electrical improvements; startup, testing and commissioning of new and relocated equipment and all incidental and related work to complete the project as detailed and specified in the Contract Documents.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Supplies and Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.