Title: Consulting Services for Acton Downtown/Major Transit Station Area Secondary Plan

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: 2026-054-P

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Town of Halton Hills is seeking an experienced and qualified consultant team to prepare the Acton Downtown/Major Transit Station Area Secondary Plan, which will formulate recommendations for a Preferred Land Use Plan and provide direction regarding tools such as a proposed policy framework to manage potential growth in the area. With the current Provincial direction for municipalities to build more homes faster, it is imperative that the Town evaluates opportunities for potential growth within the Acton Downtown and Major Transit Station Area with a focus on mature neighbourhood character protection and enhancement, while providing a variety of housing choices and amenities to residents in the area.
All Proponents shall have a Bidding System vendor account and be registered as a plan taker at
https://haltonhills.bidsandtenders.ca
for this RFP, which will enable the Proponent to download the RFP, to receive addenda/addendum email notifications, download addenda and to submit their Proposal electronically through the Bidding System.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Halton Hills
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026-054-P
Bid Name:
Consulting Services for Acton Downtown/Major Transit Station Area Secondary Plan
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 20, 2026 1:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Town of Halton Hills is seeking an experienced and qualified consultant team to prepare the Acton Downtown/Major Transit Station Area Secondary Plan, which will formulate recommendations for a Preferred Land Use Plan and provide direction regarding tools such as a proposed policy framework to manage potential growth in the area. With the current Provincial direction for municipalities to build more homes faster, it is imperative that the Town evaluates opportunities for potential growth within the Acton Downtown and Major Transit Station Area with a focus on mature neighbourhood character protection and enhancement, while providing a variety of housing choices and amenities to residents in the area.
All Proponents shall have a Bidding System vendor account and be registered as a plan taker at
https://haltonhills.bidsandtenders.ca
for this RFP, which will enable the Proponent to download the RFP, to receive addenda/addendum email notifications, download addenda and to submit their Proposal electronically through the Bidding System.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.