Title: Invitation to Tender - Pavement Preservation

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Reference number: 2026-11-3230

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The City is seeking experienced and qualified contractors with proven ability to perform
Pavement Preservation Services
for a variety of small to large-scale projects at various locations within the City on an “as and when” required basis. The Goods and Services include without limitation the supply and delivery of material, the provision of skilled labor and equipment to provide the Goods and perform the Services and other requirements as requested by the City. The work generally consists of utilizing spray patching and sand sealing as pavement preservation strategies.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Cold Lake
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
2026-11-3230
Bid Name:
Invitation to Tender - Pavement Preservation
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 26, 2026 2:00:59 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 18, 2026 4:00:00 PM (MDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City is seeking experienced and qualified contractors with proven ability to perform
Pavement Preservation Services
for a variety of small to large-scale projects at various locations within the City on an “as and when” required basis. The Goods and Services include without limitation the supply and delivery of material, the provision of skilled labor and equipment to provide the Goods and perform the Services and other requirements as requested by the City. The work generally consists of utilizing spray patching and sand sealing as pavement preservation strategies.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Traffic Marking Paint
Traffic Counting
Supplies
Roadside Safety (Pylons, Barricades, etc.)
Services (crack sealing, pavement markings, etc.)
Street Cleaning
Streetlight supply & maintenance
Snow Removal
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.