Title: Supply and Delivery of Ammunition for the Niagara Regional Police Service

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: 2026-T-60

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
The Niagara Regional Police Service (NRPS) is seeking tenders for the supply and delivery of ammunition to multiple police building locations.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2026-T-60
Bid Name:
Supply and Delivery of Ammunition for the Niagara Regional Police Service
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 11:30:59 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 1, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Niagara Regional Police Service (NRPS) is seeking tenders for the supply and delivery of ammunition to multiple police building locations.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Equipment
Other
Law, Enforcement & Security
Equipment/Supplies
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.