Title: Supply and Installation of One (1) Custom Cube Body

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: RFQ 26-0092

Bid type: RFQ-Low Bid

Description:
The City of Saskatoon is seeking a qualified supplier to provide and install one (1) custom Cube body on a new M2106 cab and chassis truck supplied by the City of Saskatoon.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Saskatoon
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFQ-Low Bid
Bid Number:
RFQ 26-0092
Bid Name:
Supply and Installation of One (1) Custom Cube Body
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 2:00:59 PM (CST)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:00:00 PM (CST)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Saskatoon is seeking a qualified supplier to provide and install one (1) custom Cube body on a new M2106 cab and chassis truck supplied by the City of Saskatoon.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Equipment
Industrial/Manufacturing
Other
Trade Services
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Automotive
Trailers
Supplies & Equipment
Building Services
Production & Manufacturing Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.