Title: Carpet Replacement at Various Housing Services Sites

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-06-09

Reference number: 26-T21

Bid type: Tenders

Description:
This project involves the supply of all labour, materials, and equipment necessary for the supply, removal, disposal and replacement of carpet flooring within the designated common hallway areas at the following residential properties:
540 Adolphus Street, Cornwall, Ontario
120 Augustus Street, Cornwall, Ontario
24 Augustus Street, Cornwall, Ontario
15 Edwards Street, Cornwall, Ontario
10 Dundas Street, Iroquois, Ontario – a two‑storey senior apartment building
12446 County Road #2, Morrisburg, Ontario – second floor only
Note: Each of the Cornwall locations consists of ten‑storey residential apartment building.
The objective of this project is to provide a durable, visually uniform, and professionally installed carpet flooring system that meets all relevant performance, accessibility, and safety standards. Contractors will be responsible for confirming all site dimensions and accurately determining the required square footage for each facility. Opportunities to verify measurements will be provided during the mandatory site meetings.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Cornwall
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Tenders
Bid Number:
26-T21
Bid Name:
Carpet Replacement at Various Housing Services Sites
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 4:30:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 9, 2026 11:00:59 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 28, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Office of the Procurement Supervisor, 100 Water Street East, Suite 104, Cornwall, Ontario, K6H 6G4
Public Opening:
No
Public Opening Address:
360 Pitt Street
Description:
This project involves the supply of all labour, materials, and equipment necessary for the supply, removal, disposal and replacement of carpet flooring within the designated common hallway areas at the following residential properties:
540 Adolphus Street, Cornwall, Ontario
120 Augustus Street, Cornwall, Ontario
24 Augustus Street, Cornwall, Ontario
15 Edwards Street, Cornwall, Ontario
10 Dundas Street, Iroquois, Ontario – a two‑storey senior apartment building
12446 County Road #2, Morrisburg, Ontario – second floor only
Note: Each of the Cornwall locations consists of ten‑storey residential apartment building.
The objective of this project is to provide a durable, visually uniform, and professionally installed carpet flooring system that meets all relevant performance, accessibility, and safety standards. Contractors will be responsible for confirming all site dimensions and accurately determining the required square footage for each facility. Opportunities to verify measurements will be provided during the mandatory site meetings.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Carpet/ Flooring
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Flooring
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.