Title: Family Finding and Engagement

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Reference number: 20641

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The County of Placer is soliciting proposals from qualified non-profit organizations to provide Family Finding and Engagement for the Health & Human Services Children’s System of Care Division. The selected proposer will provide services for both programs. Proposals for partial programs will not be considered.
Placer County is making funds available up to $150,000 per year for these services. A contract will be awarded to a single selected proposer effective for an initial term of two years. Placer County reserves the right to renew the contract for two additional, two-year periods, based on satisfactory performance and mutual consent of the contractor.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Placer County
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
20641
Bid Name:
Family Finding and Engagement
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 26, 2026 5:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 13, 2026 5:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The County of Placer is soliciting proposals from qualified non-profit organizations to provide Family Finding and Engagement for the Health & Human Services Children’s System of Care Division. The selected proposer will provide services for both programs.  Proposals for partial programs will not be considered.
Placer County is making funds available up to $150,000 per year for these services.  A contract will be awarded to a single selected proposer effective for an initial term of two years.  Placer County reserves the right to renew the contract for two additional, two-year periods, based on satisfactory performance and mutual consent of the contractor.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Social Services
Public Health
Social Housing
Non-Profit Agencies
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.