Title: Strategic Employment Area Master Environmental Servicing Plan and Secondary Plan

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: AM-2026-01

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Township of Adelaide Metcalfe is soliciting Proposals to potentially retain a consultant for a Strategic Employment Area Master Environmental Servicing Plan and Secondary Plan.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Middlesex County
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
AM-2026-01
Bid Name:
Strategic Employment Area Master Environmental Servicing Plan and Secondary Plan
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 8, 2026 2:30:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Township of Adelaide Metcalfe is soliciting Proposals to potentially retain a consultant for a Strategic Employment Area Master Environmental Servicing Plan and Secondary Plan.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Geotechnical
Economic Development
Other
Planning
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.