Title: RFP Underground Recycle Waste Containers

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Reference number: 26-037-1

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Supply of underground recyclable waste containers, including: 5 inner containers and chambers (plus 15 additional as future provisional items)

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Guelph
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-037-1
Bid Name:
RFP Underground Recycle Waste Containers
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 3:52:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 26, 2026 2:30:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 15, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
96
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Supply of underground recyclable waste containers, including: 5 inner containers and chambers (plus 15 additional as future provisional items)
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Environmental Goods & Services
Soil testing, Boring, Drilling, Geotechnical, Soil Management
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Landfill
Waste Container
Green Power
Recycling Containers (green, blue, rain barrel, composter, etc.)
Pollution & Odour Control
Sewage Pumping Station
Consulting Services
Portable Toilets & Septic Services
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.