Title: Integrated Mobility Plan

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-01

Reference number: C2026-24

Bid type: Consultant Selection

Description:
The Regional Municipality of Waterloo (the Region) seeks consulting services to help staff develop an Integrated Mobility Plan (IMP). Staff will seek Regional Council endorsement on a policy framework that would reframe the transportation network as a public service.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - ROW
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Consultant Selection
Bid Number:
C2026-24
Bid Name:
Integrated Mobility Plan
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 1, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 25, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Regional Municipality of Waterloo (the Region) seeks consulting services to help staff develop an Integrated Mobility Plan (IMP).  Staff will seek Regional Council endorsement on a policy framework that would reframe the transportation network as a public service.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.