Title: McAlpine Park Site Improvements

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: 2026-052-RFHSQ

Bid type: Request For Quotation

Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by The Corporation of the City of Kawartha Lakes (“the City”) to prospective Respondents to submit quotations for 2026-052-CQ McAlpine Park Site Improvements as further described in Appendix C of the RFQ Particulars.
The City is requesting quotations, including all labour, fuel, equipment and materials necessary to complete site improvements including, but not limited to
site preparation and demolition, excavation and grading, installation of erosion and sediment control measures, asphalt and concrete paving, curbs and walkways, granular parking areas, shoreline and drainage works including armour stone and rip rap, playground install preparation, accessible beach access features, landscaping, and all associated restoration in accordance with the contract drawings and specifications.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Kawartha Lakes
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request For Quotation
Bid Number:
2026-052-RFHSQ
Bid Name:
McAlpine Park Site Improvements
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 23, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 13, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
7
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by The Corporation of the City of Kawartha Lakes (“the City”) to prospective Respondents to submit quotations for 2026-052-CQ McAlpine Park Site Improvements as further described in Appendix C of the RFQ Particulars.
The City is requesting quotations, including all labour, fuel, equipment and materials necessary to complete site improvements including, but not limited to
site preparation and demolition, excavation and grading, installation of erosion and sediment control measures, asphalt and concrete paving, curbs and walkways, granular parking areas, shoreline and drainage works including armour stone and rip rap, playground install preparation, accessible beach access features, landscaping, and all associated restoration in accordance with the contract drawings and specifications.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Building & Renovation
Recreation/Education
Park Development
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.