Title: Request for Information on Transportation Innovation Pilots

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: RFI26-182

Bid type: RFI

Description:
***
Only Online Submissions will be Accepted for this RFI***

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Vaughan
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFI
Bid Number:
RFI26-182
Bid Name:
Request for Information on Transportation Innovation Pilots
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
***
Only Online Submissions will be Accepted for this RFI***
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Transit and Transportation
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Economic Development
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.