Title: Project: Vision Zero Road Safety Strategic Plan-Education Campaign

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: 2026-RFP-32

Bid type: Request For Proposal

Description:
This Request for Proposal (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara
(
“Niagara Region”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for
2026-RFP-32 Project: Vision Zero Road Safety Strategic Plan-Education Campaign ,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Niagara Region is committed to the reduction and eventual elimination of serious collisions and fatalities on the Regional road network through its Vision Zero Road Safety Plan. This assignment will onboard a strategic communications consulting firm who will have responsibility for the development and delivery of twelve (12) education campaigns contemplated as part of the Region’s Road Safety Strategic Plan (RSSP).The objective is for these campaigns to address the identified emphasis areas of: Promotion of the RSSP itself: Intersection Safety, Aggressive and Distracted Driving, Vulnerable Road Users (i.e. motorcyclists, pedestrian crossovers, school zone safety), young drivers, rural roads, and commercial vehicles, to effectively bring about awareness and positive behaviour change.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request For Proposal
Bid Number:
2026-RFP-32
Bid Name:
Project: Vision Zero Road Safety Strategic Plan-Education Campaign
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 15, 2026 1:00:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 15, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposal (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara
(
“Niagara Region”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for
2026-RFP-32 Project: Vision Zero Road Safety Strategic Plan-Education Campaign ,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Niagara Region is committed to the reduction and eventual elimination of serious collisions and fatalities on the Regional road network through its Vision Zero Road Safety Plan. This assignment will onboard a strategic communications consulting firm who will have responsibility for the development and delivery of twelve (12) education campaigns contemplated as part of the Region’s Road Safety Strategic Plan (RSSP).The objective is for these campaigns to address the identified emphasis areas of: Promotion of the RSSP itself: Intersection Safety, Aggressive and Distracted Driving, Vulnerable Road Users (i.e. motorcyclists, pedestrian crossovers, school zone safety), young drivers, rural roads, and commercial vehicles, to effectively bring about awareness and positive behaviour change.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Roadside Safety (Pylons, Barricades, etc.)
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.