Title: Sturgeon Creek Master Drainage Study

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Reference number: E09-24-107-D

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Corporation of the Municipality of Leamington requires the Services of an Engineering Consultant firm with expertise in hydraulics, hydrology, storm water management, water quality, storm water modelling and planning to provide professional and technical services to complete the Sturgeon Creek Master Drainage Study.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Leamington
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
E09-24-107-D
Bid Name:
Sturgeon Creek Master Drainage Study
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 20, 2026 9:00:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 20, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Corporation of the Municipality of Leamington requires the Services of an Engineering Consultant firm with expertise in hydraulics, hydrology, storm water management, water quality, storm water modelling and planning to provide professional and technical services to complete the Sturgeon Creek Master Drainage Study.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.