Title: RFQ for Supply and Delivery of Asphalt Emulsions

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: 26-23

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by the Corporation of the County of Northumberland (the “County”) to prospective respondents to submit non-binding quotations for
Supply and Delivery of Asphalt Emulsions,
as further described in the RFQ document(s).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Northumberland
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
Details
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
26-23
Bid Name:
RFQ for Supply and Delivery of Asphalt Emulsions
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 1:00:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by the Corporation of the County of Northumberland (the “County”) to prospective respondents to submit non-binding quotations for
Supply and Delivery of Asphalt Emulsions,
as further described in the RFQ document(s).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Sand
Winter Salt
Granular Materials
Asphalt
Concrete
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.