Title: On-Call - Sanitary and Storm Sewer Flow Monitoring Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: RFSO26-13

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of Port Moody (the “City”) is seeking one or more qualified contractors for the provision of flow, level or velocity monitoring services for sanitary sewer mains, storm sewer mains or open channels. Services will be provided on an “as and when required” basis, in accordance with the terms and conditions described in this Request for Standing Offer (RFSO).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Port Moody
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFSO26-13
Bid Name:
On-Call - Sanitary and Storm Sewer Flow Monitoring Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Port Moody (the “City”) is seeking one or more qualified contractors for the provision of flow, level or velocity monitoring services for sanitary sewer mains, storm sewer mains or open channels. Services will be provided on an “as and when required” basis, in accordance with the terms and conditions described in this Request for Standing Offer (RFSO).
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Water Meters
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.