Title: Provision of Consulting Services for Multi-Family Water Metering Designs

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: 8577P

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of Richmond (the “
City
”) is proposing to engage an engineering consultant to provide design services to support the implementation of the Multi-Family Water Metering Program (the “
Project
”), as described in the Contract Documents.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Richmond
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
8577P
Bid Name:
Provision of Consulting Services for Multi-Family Water Metering Designs
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Richmond (the “
City
”) is proposing to engage an engineering consultant to provide design services to support the implementation of the Multi-Family Water Metering Program (the “
Project
”), as described in the Contract Documents.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.