Title: On-Call Construction Auditing Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: KSU26-131

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
* * * * *
Kansas State University is seeking qualified firms to
provide on-call construction auditing services
supporting its capital construction program.
The University anticipates 1–2 contract compliance audits annually, assigned on a project-by-project basis. Services will support independent, standards-based audit reviews of construction projects. Firms must deliver timely, thorough, and independent audits across a range of project sizes and types.
A guide with directions on the preparation and submission of a proposal is available on the KSU Bid Portal homepage in the Resource Materials section and labeled as, “
Submit a Bid or Proposal Guide
.”
* * * * *

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - KSU
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
KSU26-131
Bid Name:
On-Call Construction Auditing Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 5:00:00 PM (CDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 14, 2026 5:00:00 PM (CDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
* * * * *
Kansas State University is seeking qualified firms to
provide on-call construction auditing services
supporting its capital construction program.
The University anticipates 1–2 contract compliance audits annually, assigned on a project-by-project basis. Services will support independent, standards-based audit reviews of construction projects. Firms must deliver timely, thorough, and independent audits across a range of project sizes and types.
A guide with directions on the preparation and submission of a proposal is available on the KSU Bid Portal homepage in the Resource Materials section and labeled as, “
Submit a Bid or Proposal Guide
.”
* * * * *
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
54121 - Accounting, Tax Preparation, Bookkeeping, and Payroll Services
541213 - Tax Preparation Services
541214 - Payroll Services
541211 - Offices of Certified Public Accountants
541219 - Other Accounting Services
54133 - Engineering Services
541330 - Engineering Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.