Title: Conceptual Design Services - North Surrey Interceptor and South Surrey Interceptor Fraser River Crossing

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: 25-373

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The work includes Conceptual Design Services to prepare the Corporation for the detailed design and construction of new sewer crossings using what is expected to be trenchless methods to connect the North Surrey Interceptor and South Surrey Interceptor across the Fraser River to the Annacis Island Wastewater Treatment Plant in Delta. The work also includes option studies and analyses leading to conceptual design drawings and reporting on alignments for the crossings, construction methods, estimated costs and schedule, and locations of any of the tunnel shafts.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Metro Vancouver
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
25-373
Bid Name:
Conceptual Design Services - North Surrey Interceptor and South Surrey Interceptor Fraser River Crossing
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 29, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
3
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The work includes Conceptual Design Services to prepare the Corporation for the detailed design and construction of new sewer crossings using what is expected to be trenchless methods to connect the North Surrey Interceptor and South Surrey Interceptor across the Fraser River to the Annacis Island Wastewater Treatment Plant in Delta. The work also includes option studies and analyses leading to conceptual design drawings and reporting on alignments for the crossings, construction methods, estimated costs and schedule, and locations of any of the tunnel shafts.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.