Title: Heavy Equipment including Large Construction, Road and Sidewalk Maintenance, Forestry and Logging, Landfill, and Miscellaneous Equipment and Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Organization: or co-op

Reference number: 26-05

Bid type: Request for Standard Offer

Description:
The intent of this solicitation is to establish one or more contracts that include a comprehensive product offering with one or more suppliers that can accommodate a nationwide demand for
Heavy Equipment including Large Construction, Road and Sidewalk Maintenance, Forestry and Logging, Landfill, and Miscellaneous Equipment and Services
and to fulfill obligations as nationwide suppliers to GPO Members as further specified herein.
Please go to
https://kineticgpo.bonfirehub.ca/portal
to review the RFSO details and documents. All Proposals must be uploaded to Bonfire Euna Procurement by the closing date and time.
Only Proposals received on or before the Submission Deadline set out in the RFSO Timetable will be evaluated.
Respondents are cautioned that the timing of their Proposal submission is based on when the Proposal is received, not when the Proposal is submitted by a Respondent. Loading large documents may take significant time, depending on the size of the file(s) and your Internet connection speed. Respondents are advised to allocate sufficient time to upload documents and finalize their submissions prior to the Submission Deadline.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Kinetic GPO
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Standard Offer
Bid Number:
26-05
Bid Name:
Heavy Equipment including Large Construction, Road and Sidewalk Maintenance, Forestry and Logging, Landfill, and Miscellaneous Equipment and Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 4:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 1, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Lead Agency
Kinetic GPO is a Group Purchasing Organization or co-op
Number Of Agencies
1
Participating Agencies
Kinetic GPO
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
see Proposal Document section 1.6.1
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The intent of this solicitation is to establish one or more contracts that include a comprehensive product offering with one or more suppliers that can accommodate a nationwide demand for
Heavy Equipment including Large Construction, Road and Sidewalk Maintenance, Forestry and Logging, Landfill, and Miscellaneous Equipment and Services
and to fulfill obligations as nationwide suppliers to GPO Members as further specified herein.
Please go to
https://kineticgpo.bonfirehub.ca/portal
to review the RFSO details and documents. All Proposals must be uploaded to Bonfire Euna Procurement by the closing date and time.
Only Proposals received on or before the Submission Deadline set out in the RFSO Timetable will be evaluated.
Respondents are cautioned that the timing of their Proposal submission is based on when the Proposal is received, not when the Proposal is submitted by a Respondent. Loading large documents may take significant time, depending on the size of the file(s) and your Internet connection speed. Respondents are advised to allocate sufficient time to upload documents and finalize their submissions prior to the Submission Deadline.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Landscaping & Forestry
Landscape & Forestry Supplies
Turf Maintenance
Automotive
Graders
Loaders
Excavators
Lawn and Farm Equipment
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Heavy Duty Equipment
Environmental Goods & Services
Landfill
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Supplies and Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.