Title: RFP Caldwell St. Carleton Place - Deck removal & replacement

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-01

Reference number: RFP 2026-04

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Corporation of the County of Lanark (the “County”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for a deck removal and replacement project on 11 buildings located at Caldwell Street, Carleton Place, ON, for a total of 27 decks as further described in the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lanark
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
RFP 2026-04
Bid Name:
RFP Caldwell St. Carleton Place - Deck removal & replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 1, 2026 1:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 15, 2026 1:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
ddicaire@lanarkcounty.ca
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Corporation of the County of Lanark (the “County”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for a deck removal and replacement project on 11 buildings located at Caldwell Street, Carleton Place, ON, for a total of 27 decks as further described in the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Affordable Housing
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Demolition
Environmental Goods & Services
Green Power
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.