Title: Request for Prequalification (RFPQ) for Various Water/Wastewater 2024-2027 Capital Projects

Status: Open

Reference number: ISD24-191

Bid type: Request for Prequalification

Description:
ISD24-191, Request for Prequalification (RFPQ) for Various Water/Wastewater 2024-2027 Capital Projects
Refer to the RFPQ Document for all details, timelines and/or conditions, if applicable, regarding this procurement.
Refer to the RFPQ Document for the Official Point of Contact.
All communications shall be done through the "Submit a Question" feature on greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.
Verbal communications will not be binding on the City. Bidders shall review the Bid Solicitation and shall promptly report and request clarification of any discrepancy, deficiency, ambiguity, error, inconsistency or omission contained therein through greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Greater Sudbury
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Prequalification
Bid Number:
ISD24-191
Bid Name:
Request for Prequalification (RFPQ) for Various Water/Wastewater 2024-2027 Capital Projects
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Nov 15, 2024 3:45:00 PM (EST)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Dec 31, 2027 1:30:00 PM (EST)
Duration in months:
37
Negotiation Type:
Refer to Bid Solicitation Document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to Bid Solicitation Document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
ISD24-191, Request for Prequalification (RFPQ) for Various Water/Wastewater 2024-2027 Capital Projects
Refer to the RFPQ Document for all details, timelines and/or conditions, if applicable, regarding this procurement.
Refer to the RFPQ Document for the Official Point of Contact.
All communications shall be done through the "Submit a Question" feature on greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.
Verbal communications will not be binding on the City.  Bidders shall review the Bid Solicitation and shall promptly report and request clarification of any discrepancy, deficiency, ambiguity, error, inconsistency or omission contained therein through greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Emergency Watermain
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Construction
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.