Title: Design, Supply and Install Playground Equipment/Amenities

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Reference number: RFP-CS-26-002

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
The Town of Essex is located in southwestern Ontario, approximately twenty- eight (28) kilometres southeast of the City of Windsor and is one of seven (7) lower‐tier municipalities in the County of Essex. The Town of Essex consists of four (4) distinct and unique Centres — Essex Centre, Colchester Centre, Harrow Centre and McGregor Centre. The current population of the Town of Essex is 21,216.
The Town of Essex is seeking proposals from qualified proponents to;
Design, supply and install playground equipment and other amenities located at Essex Town Centre Park, which is a Community Park, located at the corner of Lane Street and Jones Street in Essex, Ontario;
Remove current rubber surfacing and install concrete curbing and new rubber surfacing for the playground located at Harrow Fairgrounds Park located at 243 Mcaffee Street, Harrow, Ontario;

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Town of Essex
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
RFP-CS-26-002
Bid Name:
Design, Supply and Install Playground Equipment/Amenities
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 10, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
33 Talbot Street South, Essex, Ontario
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Town of Essex is located in southwestern Ontario, approximately twenty- eight (28) kilometres southeast of the City of Windsor and is one of seven (7) lower‐tier municipalities in the County of Essex. The Town of Essex consists of four (4) distinct and unique Centres — Essex Centre, Colchester Centre, Harrow Centre and McGregor Centre. The current population of the Town of Essex is 21,216.
The Town of Essex is seeking proposals from qualified proponents to;
Design, supply and install playground equipment and other amenities located at Essex Town Centre Park, which is a Community Park, located at the corner of Lane Street and Jones Street in Essex, Ontario;
Remove current rubber surfacing and install concrete curbing and new rubber surfacing for the playground located at Harrow Fairgrounds Park located at 243 Mcaffee Street, Harrow, Ontario;
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Recreation/Education
Playground Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.