Title: West Trunk Diversion Sanitary Trunk Sewer, City of Mississauga, Project 08-2205 & 19-2208

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-01-15

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: 2025-184T

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The Work includes but is not limited to, the supply of all labour, materials, equipment and services necessary to complete the Work as shown or as inferred by the Contract Documents. In general, the main items of work covered by this Contract include but are not limited to the following:
.1 ~5,013m of 2,400mm diameter sanitary sewer along Queen Street North/South and Mississauga Road within a 3.6m finished diameter tunnel by Tunnel Boring Machine.
.2 ~697m of 1,200mm diameter sanitary sewer along Britannia Road West from the intersection of Mississauga Road to the Credit Valley River Crossing within a 1.5m mined diameter tunnel by Microtunnel Boring Machine Methods (MTBM).
.3 Open Cut Installation
PREQUALIFIED GENERAL CONTRACTORS
The following Tunnel and Microtunnel Contractors have been prequalified for this project in accordance with the respective prequalification documents:
Tunnel Contractors – Document No. 2025-225PQ:
• Technicore Underground Ltd.
• C&M McNally Engineering Corp.
• Michels Canada Co.
• Jay Dee Canada, ULC
• McNally Construction Inc.
• Southland Mole of Canada
Microtunnel Contractors – Document No. 2024-098PQ:
• Ward & Burke Microtunnelling.
• Technicore Underground Ltd.
• C & M McNally/Triad JV Corp.
• Erritt Construction Ltd.
• Bothar Inc.
• Earth Boring Co. Limited.
• Michels Canada Co.
The Agency will only accept Bidder Submissions in response to this Request for Tender from the prequalified firms stated above. Any Bidder Submissions from Bidders not on these Prequalified Lists, as stated above, shall be deemed non-compliant and not considered for contract award.
The bid document will be posted
https://peelregion.bidsandtenders.ca
when available. This procurement is issued in accordance with the terms of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), and other applicable trade agreements.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Peel Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
2025-184T
Bid Name:
West Trunk Diversion Sanitary Trunk Sewer, City of Mississauga, Project 08-2205 & 19-2208
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Jan 15, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EST)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
48
Negotiation Type:
Not Applicable
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Work includes but is not limited to, the supply of all labour, materials, equipment and services necessary to complete the Work as shown or as inferred by the Contract Documents. In general, the main items of work covered by this Contract include but are not limited to the following:
.1 ~5,013m of 2,400mm diameter sanitary sewer along Queen Street North/South and Mississauga Road within a 3.6m finished diameter tunnel by Tunnel Boring Machine.
.2 ~697m of 1,200mm diameter sanitary sewer along Britannia Road West from the intersection of Mississauga Road to the Credit Valley River Crossing within a 1.5m mined diameter tunnel by Microtunnel Boring Machine Methods (MTBM).
.3 Open Cut Installation
PREQUALIFIED GENERAL CONTRACTORS
The following Tunnel and Microtunnel Contractors have been prequalified for this project in accordance with the respective prequalification documents:
Tunnel Contractors – Document No. 2025-225PQ:
•    Technicore Underground Ltd.
•    C&M McNally Engineering Corp.
•    Michels Canada Co.
•    Jay Dee Canada, ULC
•    McNally Construction Inc.
•    Southland Mole of Canada
Microtunnel Contractors – Document No. 2024-098PQ:
•    Ward & Burke Microtunnelling.
•    Technicore Underground Ltd.
•    C & M McNally/Triad JV Corp.
•    Erritt Construction Ltd.
•    Bothar Inc.
•    Earth Boring Co. Limited.
•    Michels Canada Co.
The Agency will only accept Bidder Submissions in response to this Request for Tender from the prequalified firms stated above. Any Bidder Submissions from Bidders not on these Prequalified Lists, as stated above, shall be deemed non-compliant and not considered for contract award.
The bid document will be posted
https://peelregion.bidsandtenders.ca
when available. This procurement is issued in accordance with the terms of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), and other applicable trade agreements.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Mailing Address:
10 Peel Centre Drive, Suite B, 5th floor, Procurement, Brampton, ON L6T 4B9, Canada
Phone:
905-791-7800 •
Toll-free:
1-888-919-7800 •
E-mail:
procurement@peelregion.ca