Title: Website Redesign and Implementation

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: 25-COM-2026

Bid type: RFP

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Corporation of the Municipality of Port Hope (the “Municipality”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for Website Redesign and Implementation, as further described in the RFP Particulars section.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Port Hope
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
25-COM-2026
Bid Name:
Website Redesign and Implementation
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Corporation of the Municipality of Port Hope (the “Municipality”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for Website Redesign and Implementation, as further described in the RFP Particulars section.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Information Technology
Services
GIS
Computer Software
Servers/Racks/Data Centre/Storage
GPS Products
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Information Technology
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.