Title: Saline Creek Borrow Pit – Construction

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: RFT-2026-1337

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
This Request for Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo (“the Municipality”) to prospective bidders to submit a bid (“Bid”) for Saline Creek Borrow Pit - Construction, as further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Wood Buffalo
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
RFT-2026-1337
Bid Name:
Saline Creek Borrow Pit – Construction
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 12:00:59 PM (MDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 2:00:59 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
14
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo (“the Municipality”) to prospective bidders to submit a bid (“Bid”) for Saline Creek Borrow Pit - Construction, as further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Drainage
Heavy Duty Equipment
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Supplies and Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.