Title: NWRFP 26-11 Electric Ice Resurfacer

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: NWRFP 26-11

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of New Westminster is seeking, through its Engineering and Public Works Department Services, is seeking qualified suppliers for the design, manufacture, and delivery of ONE (1) Electric Ice Resurfacer. Fleet services will manage the project and serve as the primary point of contact throughout the procurement, design review, fabrication, inspection, and delivery phases.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - New Westminster
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
NWRFP 26-11
Bid Name:
NWRFP 26-11 Electric Ice Resurfacer
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 3:00:01 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of New Westminster is seeking, through its Engineering and Public Works Department Services, is seeking qualified suppliers for the design, manufacture, and delivery of ONE (1) Electric Ice Resurfacer. Fleet services will manage the project and serve as the primary point of contact throughout the procurement, design review, fabrication, inspection, and delivery phases.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Automotive
Lubricants
Watercraft
Graders
Loaders
Heavy Trucks
Trailers
Rental/Leasing Services
Tractor Implements
Emergency Vehicles
Off Road Equipment
Services
Supplies & Equipment
Excavators
Light Vehicles
Lawn and Farm Equipment
Fire Trucks
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.