Title: Pre-Qualification for Short Term Minor Capital Water and Wastewater Engineering Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-03-31

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: RFSQ-3625-26

Bid type: RFSQ

Description:
The Region will
ONLY
accept
ELECTRONIC BID SUBMISSIONS
submitted through the Region’s Bids and Tenders website for this Request for Proposal.
HARD COPY BID SUBMISSIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.
Bids must be submitted and received by the Region no later than 1:00:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF WORK
: The Region is seeking agile, small- to mid-sized consulting firms capable of providing or assembling multidisciplinary engineering teams to support ongoing operational needs and manage risk. This roster will deliver short‑term minor capital Water and Wastewater projects involving small‑scale improvements to existing systems that address deficiencies, enhance operational efficiency, and meet maintenance, compliance, or emergency requirements. The roster will enable rapid, task‑order delivery of low‑value renewals, focused upgrades, and emergency repairs.
For complete bid details, refer to the RFPQ documents.
QUESTIONS
: Questions related to this RFPQ should be submitted to the Region through the Bidding Website by clicking on the '
Submit a Question
' button.
ACCOMMODATION REQUESTS:
Accommodation requests under AODA should be directed to the Region's Procurement Representative via email to
Denise.French@york.ca

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - York
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFSQ
Bid Number:
RFSQ-3625-26
Bid Name:
Pre-Qualification for Short Term Minor Capital Water and Wastewater Engineering Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Mar 31, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 1:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Region will
ONLY
accept
ELECTRONIC BID SUBMISSIONS
submitted through the Region’s Bids and Tenders website for this Request for Proposal.
HARD COPY BID SUBMISSIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.
Bids must be submitted and received by the Region no later than 1:00:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF WORK
: The Region is seeking agile, small- to mid-sized consulting firms capable of providing or assembling multidisciplinary engineering teams to support ongoing operational needs and manage risk. This roster will deliver short‑term minor capital Water and Wastewater projects involving small‑scale improvements to existing systems that address deficiencies, enhance operational efficiency, and meet maintenance, compliance, or emergency requirements. The roster will enable rapid, task‑order delivery of low‑value renewals, focused upgrades, and emergency repairs.
For complete bid details, refer to the RFPQ documents.
QUESTIONS
:  Questions related to this RFPQ should be submitted to the Region through the Bidding Website by clicking on the '
Submit a Question
' button.
ACCOMMODATION REQUESTS:
Accommodation requests under AODA should be directed to the Region's Procurement Representative via email to
Denise.French@york.ca
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Geotechnical
Training
Other
Homestay Services
Architectural
Actuary
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Water and Sewer
Well & Water Related Services
Environmental Goods & Services
Consulting Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the Plan Takers for the bid:
There are no Plan Takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.