Title: Plumbing Services for Municipal Facilities and Properties

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-22

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: FIN2026-097Q

Bid type: RFQ – Low Bid

Description:
The City of Barrie is seeking quotations from qualified and experienced companies for the provision of all equipment, labour and materials necessary to provide Plumbing Services for Municipal Facilities and Properties, as further detailed in the RFQ Particulars (Appendix D).
* Electronic Submissions Only. Hard Copy Submissions shall not be accepted. *

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Barrie
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFQ – Low Bid
Bid Number:
FIN2026-097Q
Bid Name:
Plumbing Services for Municipal Facilities and Properties
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 22, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Barrie is seeking quotations from qualified and experienced companies for the provision of all equipment, labour and materials necessary to provide Plumbing Services for Municipal Facilities and Properties, as further detailed in the RFQ Particulars (Appendix D).
* Electronic Submissions Only. Hard Copy Submissions shall not be accepted. *
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Plumbing
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.