Title: Design Supply Installation of Playground Equipment at Various Parks

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: RFP2026-085

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
The City of Brampton is seeking Proposals for design, supply and installation of playground equipment at various locations
within the City of Brampton.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Brampton
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
RFP2026-085
Bid Name:
Design Supply Installation of Playground Equipment at Various Parks
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 15, 2026 10:50:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Date of Planned Notice:
Fri Jan 23, 2026 3:50:00 PM (EST)
Estimated Bid Publishing Date:
Mon Feb 16, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EST)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Brampton is seeking Proposals for design, supply and installation of playground equipment at various locations
within the City of Brampton.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Recreation/Education
Playground Equipment
Parks
Equipment & Supplies
Other
Equipment
Parks & Landscaping
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
The City of Brampton, 2 Wellington Street West, Brampton, ON L6Y 4R2