Title: Notice of Cooperative Procurement Participation - Supply and Delivery of Various Street Signs

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: Q-26-010 GBAPPC 2026-01

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
Please refer to the soliciation document posted on the Town of Innisfil Bids and Tenders Site
https://innisfil.bidsandtenders.ca/Module/Tenders/en

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Orillia
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
We attempt to make our website documents Accessible however, some of these documents may not completely meet the AODA Accessibility requirements. If you require assistance or communication support, please contact 705-325-1311.
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
Q-26-010 GBAPPC 2026-01
Bid Name:
Notice of Cooperative Procurement Participation - Supply and Delivery of Various Street Signs
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 11:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 11:00 AM (EDT)
Registration Deadline:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 11:02 AM (EDT)
Lead Agency
Town of Innisfil
Number Of Agencies
4
Participating Agencies
Town of Collingwood, Town of Innisfil, Town of New Tecumseth
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Bids and Tenders Innisfil
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Please refer to the soliciation document posted on the Town of Innisfil Bids and Tenders Site
https://innisfil.bidsandtenders.ca/Module/Tenders/en
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Traffic Marking Paint
Traffic Counting
Supplies
Roadside Safety (Pylons, Barricades, etc.)
Services (crack sealing, pavement markings, etc.)
Street Cleaning
Streetlight supply & maintenance
Snow Removal
Signs
Maintenance
Signs
Design
Flags, Flag poles, Banners, Accessories
Published Products
Electronic Reference Material
Printed Media
Signage & Accessories
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Documents Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.