Title: New Transmission Main – Phase 1

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: 26-PW-010

Bid type: RFT

Description:
This Request for Tender is an invitation from the Town of Smiths Falls to prospective Bidders to submit a Tender for Contract No. 26-PW-010 - New Transmission Main – Phase 1.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Smiths Falls
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
26-PW-010
Bid Name:
New Transmission Main – Phase 1
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
Yes
Public Opening Address:
The Town of Smiths Falls Council Chambers, 77 Beckwith Street North, Smiths Falls, Ontario
Description:
This Request for Tender is an invitation from the Town of Smiths Falls to prospective Bidders to submit a Tender for Contract No. 26-PW-010 - New Transmission Main – Phase 1.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Water and Sewer
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.