Title: Heat Exchange Equipment Supply and Delivery - Waste‐to‐Energy Facility District Energy System Project Phase 1

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Organization: Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)

Reference number: 26-0250

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Supply of materials and/or equipment (collectively the “Materials”) as described in the Scope of Services of the Draft Supply of Material and Delivery Contract.
The equipment:
One (1) steam-to-hot water heat exchanger skid.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Metro Vancouver
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-0250
Bid Name:
Heat Exchange Equipment Supply and Delivery - Waste‐to‐Energy Facility District Energy System Project Phase 1
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Supply of materials and/or equipment (collectively the “Materials”) as described in the Scope of Services of the Draft Supply of Material and Delivery Contract.
The equipment:
One (1) steam-to-hot water heat exchanger skid.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Equipment
Vending Equipment
Industrial/Manufacturing
Electronic components
Heavy Equipment
Farming, Fishing, Forestry and Wildlife
Food Services Equipment
Other
Vehicles
Gambling Equipment
Funeral Equipment
Parks & Landscaping
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.