Title: 2026 Roads Resurfacing Program - Part 3 - Multi-year

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Reference number: 2026-T-57

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
**NOTE: It is highly recommended that a thorough review of this RFT document be completed. Niagara Region has recently revised several sections of this RFT document. Specifically, changes have been made to how bids, bid security and agreements to bond are to be submitted. Failure to read and comply with the current RFT requirements may result in your bid being declared non-compliant and disqualified.
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
2026-T-57 Roads Resurfacing Program – 2026 Part 3 – Muli-year,
as further described in Part 5 – RFT particulars and Part 6 – The Deliverables, Section A of the RFT Particulars.
The Roads Resurfacing Program is a multi‑year initiative that maintains and extends the life of the regional road network through planned resurfacing and rehabilitation. This program supports long‑term asset management goals, reduces the need for costly reconstruction, and enhances safety, mobility, and overall road user experience.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2026-T-57
Bid Name:
2026 Roads Resurfacing Program - Part 3 - Multi-year
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu May 7, 2026 2:10:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 10, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 26, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
7
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
**NOTE: It is highly recommended that a thorough review of this RFT document be completed. Niagara Region has recently revised several sections of this RFT document. Specifically, changes have been made to how bids, bid security and agreements to bond are to be submitted. Failure to read and comply with the current RFT requirements may result in your bid being declared non-compliant and disqualified.
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
2026-T-57 Roads Resurfacing Program – 2026 Part 3 – Muli-year,
as further described in Part 5 – RFT particulars and Part 6 – The Deliverables, Section A of the RFT Particulars.
The Roads Resurfacing Program is a multi‑year initiative that maintains and extends the life of the regional road network through planned resurfacing and rehabilitation. This program supports long‑term asset management goals, reduces the need for costly reconstruction, and enhances safety, mobility, and overall road user experience.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.