Title: On-Call Roof Repair, Replacement & Inspection Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: KSU26124

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
* * * * *
Kansas State University seeks proposals from qualified suppliers to
provide on-call maintenance, repair, replacement, and inspections/analysis of multiple types of roof systems
for multiple Kansas State University campus locations. Refer to the RFP for a detailed description of the requirements.
This RFP may result in multiple awards.
Proposers are not required to bid on all campus locations to be considered for an award.
A guide with directions on the preparation and submission of a proposal is available on the KSU Bid Portal homepage in the Resource Materials section and labeled as, “
Submit a Bid or Proposal Guide
.”
* * * * *

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - KSU
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
KSU26124
Bid Name:
On-Call Roof Repair, Replacement & Inspection Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (CDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 5:00:00 PM (CDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
* * * * *
Kansas State University seeks proposals from qualified suppliers to
provide on-call maintenance, repair, replacement, and inspections/analysis of multiple types of roof systems
for multiple Kansas State University campus locations. Refer to the RFP for a detailed description of the requirements.
This RFP may result in multiple awards.
Proposers are not required to bid on all campus locations to be considered for an award.
A guide with directions on the preparation and submission of a proposal is available on the KSU Bid Portal homepage in the Resource Materials section and labeled as, “
Submit a Bid or Proposal Guide
.”
* * * * *
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
23891 - Site Preparation Contractors
238910 - Site Preparation Contractors
23621 - Industrial Building Construction
236210 - Industrial Building Construction
23622 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction
236220 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction
23839 - Other Building Finishing Contractors
238390 - Other Building Finishing Contractors
23899 - All Other Specialty Trade Contractors
238990 - All Other Specialty Trade Contractors
23816 - Roofing Contractors
238160 - Roofing Contractors
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.