Title: Qualified Supplier List - Intrusion Systems

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-08-13

Reference number: RFSQ 24-0346Y2

Bid type: RFSQ

Description:
City of Saskatoon will be creating a qualified supplier list for installation and service companies for
DSC Neo and DSC Power Series Pro Intrusion Systems
. If certified, ULC-S561 compliant installations.
Current equipment includes DSC MAXSYS and DSC NEO panels, keypads, and peripherals devices. DSC NEO equipment is also the chosen system for ULC monitoring of Fire Panels.
Current Intrusion and Fire systems are monitored by SaskTel, doing business as SecurTek Monitoring Services. There will be no change of the monitoring provider.
This RFSQ does not apply to respondents who currently hold an active Master Framework Agreement. Only new respondents without a signed agreement should respond to this RFSQ. The City of Saskatoon reissues this RFSQ annually to allow new respondents to participate. Submissions will be evaluated as received, and awards will be made accordingly throughout the year.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Saskatoon
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFSQ
Bid Number:
RFSQ 24-0346Y2
Bid Name:
Qualified Supplier List - Intrusion Systems
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Aug 13, 2026 2:00:59 PM (CST)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
City of Saskatoon will be creating a qualified supplier list for installation and service companies for
DSC Neo and DSC Power Series Pro Intrusion Systems
. If certified, ULC-S561 compliant installations.
Current equipment includes DSC MAXSYS and DSC NEO panels, keypads, and peripherals devices.  DSC NEO equipment is also the chosen system for ULC monitoring of Fire Panels.
Current Intrusion and Fire systems are monitored by SaskTel, doing business as SecurTek Monitoring Services. There will be no change of the monitoring provider.
This RFSQ does not apply to respondents who currently hold an active Master Framework Agreement. Only new respondents without a signed agreement should respond to this RFSQ. The City of Saskatoon reissues this RFSQ annually to allow new respondents to participate. Submissions will be evaluated as received, and awards will be made accordingly throughout the year.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Security, Monitoring, Intrusion, Fire or Enforcement
Building Services
Security & Monitoring
Law, Enforcement & Security
Security & Safety Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.