Title: Bids and Tenders - Midland

Status: :

Reference number: RFT # OPS 2026-033

Bid type: RFT

Description:
This contract is for the supply of all equipment, material and labour to place traffic paint on roadways, parking lots, laneways and anywhere else as described in this document and in accordance with referenced specifications and standard practice. All pavement marking shall comply with Ontario Traffic Manual Book 11 ‘Pavement, Hazard and Delineation Markings’ as published by the Ministry of Transportation dated March, 2000 and in accordance with OPSS 710 (formerly OPSS 532). The majority of work will consist of the application of standard waterborne paint with reflectorizing glass beads to thickness and application rates set out in this document.
All work shall be completed to the satisfaction of the Town of Midland. All materials are subject to the approval of the Town of Midland.
This contract will include two separate pricing options.
Pricing Option 1- (Pricing Schedule A, B, C & D) Mainline Work will include all the mainline pavement markings on roadways including but no limited to, centre lines, edge lines, bike lanes, skip lines, merge lanes, turning lanes etc.
Pricing Option 2- (Pricing Schedule E, F, G, H, I, J & K) Walk Behind Machine/ Hand Work will include symbols on roadways as well as parking lot markings throughout Town owned facilities including but not limited to on road parking stalls, turn arrows, bike lane symbols, stop bars, parking lot markings etc.
Bidders are welcome to bid on one or both pricing options, this contract may be awarded in whole or in part.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Midland
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
RFT # OPS 2026-033
Bid Name:
Pavement Markings
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue Apr 28, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
3
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This contract is for the supply of all equipment, material and labour to place traffic paint on roadways, parking lots, laneways and anywhere else as described in this document and in accordance with referenced specifications and standard practice.  All pavement marking shall comply with Ontario Traffic Manual Book 11 ‘Pavement, Hazard and Delineation Markings’ as published by the Ministry of Transportation dated March, 2000 and in accordance with OPSS 710 (formerly OPSS 532). The majority of work will consist of the application of standard waterborne paint with reflectorizing glass beads to thickness and application rates set out in this document.
All work shall be completed to the satisfaction of the Town of Midland.  All materials are subject to the approval of the Town of Midland.
This contract will include two separate pricing options.
Pricing Option 1- (Pricing Schedule A, B, C & D) Mainline Work will include all the mainline pavement markings on roadways including but no limited to, centre lines, edge lines, bike lanes, skip lines, merge lanes, turning lanes etc.
Pricing Option 2- (Pricing Schedule E, F, G, H, I, J & K) Walk Behind Machine/ Hand Work will include symbols on roadways as well as parking lot markings throughout Town owned facilities including but not limited to on road parking stalls, turn arrows, bike lane symbols, stop bars, parking lot markings etc.
Bidders are welcome to bid on one or both pricing options, this contract may be awarded in whole or in part.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Traffic Marking Paint
Services (crack sealing, pavement markings, etc.)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.