Title: Request for Quotation for Fire and Security Systems Monitoring, Maintenance and Inspection Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: H01-19-26

Bid type: Request for Quotation (RFQ)

Description:
H01-19-26, Request for Quotation (RFQ) for Fire and Security System Monitoring, Maintenance and Inspection Services
Refer to the Bid Solicitation Document for all details, timelines and/or conditions, if applicable, regarding this procurement.
Refer to Bid Solicitation Document for the Official Point of Contact.
All communications shall be done through the "Submit a Question" feature on greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.
Verbal communications will not be binding on the City. Bidders shall review the Bid Solicitation and shall promptly report and request clarification of any discrepancy, deficiency, ambiguity, error, inconsistency or omission contained therein through greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Greater Sudbury
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Quotation (RFQ)
Bid Number:
H01-19-26
Bid Name:
Request for Quotation for Fire and Security Systems Monitoring, Maintenance and Inspection Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 14, 2026 12:00:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 1:30:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to Bid Solicitation Document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to Bid Solicitation Document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
H01-19-26, Request for Quotation (RFQ) for Fire and Security System Monitoring, Maintenance and Inspection Services
Refer to the Bid Solicitation Document for all details, timelines and/or conditions, if applicable, regarding this procurement.
Refer to Bid Solicitation Document for the Official Point of Contact.
All communications shall be done through the "Submit a Question" feature on greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.
Verbal communications will not be binding on the City.  Bidders shall review the Bid Solicitation and shall promptly report and request clarification of any discrepancy, deficiency, ambiguity, error, inconsistency or omission contained therein through greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Security, Monitoring, Intrusion, Fire or Enforcement
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.