Title: Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Solution

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-24

Reference number: 2026CRP-IT-03-I

Bid type: RFI

Description:
The City of Sault Ste. Marie is requesting information
for the purpose of gathering information
to better understand the current Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) market landscape, features, and deployment models.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Sault Ste. Marie
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFI
Bid Number:
2026CRP-IT-03-I
Bid Name:
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Solution
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 24, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Sault Ste. Marie is requesting information
for the purpose of gathering information
to better understand the current Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) market landscape, features, and deployment models.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Information Technology
Information Technology
Services
GIS
Computer Hardware
Computer Software
Servers/Racks/Data Centre/Storage
GPS Products
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.