Title: Directory of Mi’kmaw & Indigenous-Owned Businesses

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-12-31

Reference number: 2026-0416

Bid type: Request for Information

Description:
Overview
EfficiencyOne is issuing this Request for Information (RFI) for the purpose of identifying Mi'kmaw and Indigenous-owned businesses in Nova Scotia and other areas of Mi'kma'ki. The information collected from the RFI responses will be used to develop a Business Directory listing that EfficiencyOne (and/or its affiliates) can use to identify relevant businesses when purchasing /procuring goods and services.
Instructions
Download and review the
RFI-2026-0416-Directory of Mi’kmaw and Indigenous-Owned Businesses
document listed below. It provides:
Additional context for this request,
Details about the information that will be requested in the online submission form, and
The link (or QR code) for accessing the online submission form

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - EfficiencyOne
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Information
Bid Number:
2026-0416
Bid Name:
Directory of Mi’kmaw & Indigenous-Owned Businesses
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 3:55:00 PM (ADT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Dec 31, 2026 4:00:00 PM (AST)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
ADDRESS TO ONLINE SUBMISSION FORM:    https://forms.office.com/r/gbtjeyEVCw
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Overview
EfficiencyOne is issuing this Request for Information (RFI) for the purpose of identifying Mi'kmaw and Indigenous-owned businesses in Nova Scotia and other areas of Mi'kma'ki.  The information collected from the RFI responses will be used to develop a Business Directory listing that EfficiencyOne (and/or its affiliates) can use to identify relevant businesses when purchasing /procuring goods and services.
Instructions
Download and review the
RFI-2026-0416-Directory of Mi’kmaw and Indigenous-Owned Businesses
document listed below.  It provides:
Additional context for this request,
Details about the information that will be requested in the online submission form, and
The link (or QR code) for accessing the online submission form
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Management
Training
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Human Resources
Legal
Energy
Insurance
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Engineering
Travel
Information Technology
Business Services
Document Destruction
Courier Services, Overnight & Delivery
Answering Services
Human Resources
Education and Training
Recruitment Services
Printing Supplies and Services
Services
Supplies
Trade Services
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Insulation
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Carpentry
Electrical
Health & Safety
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Information Technology
Services
Travel & Entertainment
Travel
Restaurants & Catering
Construction
Affordable Housing
Building & Renovation
Furniture
Office Furniture
Promotional & Novelties
Promotional & Novelties
Audio/Visual/Printing/Photography/Theatre
Supplies and Equipment
Services
Artists, Performers, Crafts
Works of Art
Services
Professional, Strategic, Administrative or Management Services
Environmental Goods & Services
Consulting Services
Other
Contracted Services
Utility
Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.