Title: Mamquam Bridge Deck Resurfacing

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: R26-27

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by the District of Squamish (the “District”) to prospective respondents to submit non-binding quotations for the
R26-27
Mamquam Bridge Deck Resurfacing,
as further described in Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).
The District of Squamish is seeking qualified contractors to deliver upgrades to the Mamquam Bridge in Squamish, BC. The Contractor shall supply all labour, materials, equipment, and supervision required to complete the bridge deck rehabilitation as outlined in the attached drawings and supplementary specifications.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Squamish
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
R26-27
Bid Name:
Mamquam Bridge Deck Resurfacing
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 15, 2026 9:00 AM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 4, 2026 4:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by the District of Squamish (the “District”) to prospective respondents to submit non-binding quotations for the
R26-27
Mamquam Bridge Deck Resurfacing,
as further described in Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).
The District of Squamish is seeking qualified contractors to deliver upgrades to the Mamquam Bridge in Squamish, BC. The Contractor shall supply all labour, materials, equipment, and supervision required to complete the bridge deck rehabilitation as outlined in the attached drawings and supplementary specifications.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Infrastructure
Municipal Drains
Heavy Duty Equipment
Aggregates
Asphalt
Concrete
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Supplies and Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.