Title: Stratford Rotary Complex Roofing Replacement

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: RFT-2026-09

Bid type: Tender

Description:
The intent of this project is to supply the necessary labour, materials, equipment and services required to complete a roof replacement for the Stratford Rotary Complex at 353 McCarthy Road West, Stratford, Ontario, as per attached General Terms and Conditions, and Specifications.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Stratford
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
RFT-2026-09
Bid Name:
Stratford Rotary Complex Roofing Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed May 6, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The intent of this project is to supply the necessary labour, materials, equipment and services required to complete a roof replacement for the Stratford Rotary Complex at 353 McCarthy Road West, Stratford, Ontario, as per attached General Terms and Conditions, and Specifications.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
Trade Services
Roofing and Siding
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.