Title: Essex Court-Building Envelope Upgrades

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: RFT-26-32-01

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The Work Requirements in this RFT involve the proposed building envelope upgrades to WECHC Essex Court in Windsor that are intended to address critical infrastructure renewal needs and improve the long-term performance, accessibility, safety, and livability of the properties.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - WECHC
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
RFT-26-32-01
Bid Name:
Essex Court-Building Envelope Upgrades
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 11:00 AM (EDT)
Duration in months:
2
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Work Requirements in this RFT involve the proposed building envelope upgrades to WECHC Essex Court in Windsor that are intended to address critical infrastructure renewal needs and improve the long-term performance, accessibility, safety, and livability of the properties.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Asphalt
Concrete
Trade Services
Concrete
Roofing and Siding
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.