Title: 22500 Block Telegraph Trail Culvert Replacement

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: 26-143

Bid type: ITT

Description:
The Corporation of the Township of Langley invites tenders for the 22500 Block Telegraph Trail Culvert Replacement Project. The project will consist of the following major works:
• Supply and Installation of 26.3 metres of 1200mm dia. Concrete pipe including headwall
• Supply and Installation of approximately 45 square metres of Flex MSE retaining wall including reinforcement geogrid
• Removal and disposal of existing 900mm diameter concrete culvert
• Channel improvement
• Environmental mitigation during construction including flow bypass, water management, and Erosion and sediment control
• Other miscellaneous works as specified in the Contract Document

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - TOL
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
ITT
Bid Number:
26-143
Bid Name:
22500 Block Telegraph Trail Culvert Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 1:42 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 18, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
2
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Corporation of the Township of Langley invites tenders for the 22500 Block Telegraph Trail Culvert Replacement Project. The project will consist of the following major works:
• Supply and Installation of 26.3 metres of 1200mm dia. Concrete pipe including headwall
• Supply and Installation of approximately 45 square metres of Flex MSE retaining wall including reinforcement geogrid
• Removal and disposal of existing 900mm diameter concrete culvert
• Channel improvement
• Environmental mitigation during construction including flow bypass, water management, and Erosion and sediment control
• Other miscellaneous works as specified in the Contract Document
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Infrastructure
Municipal Drains
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.