Title: Sidewalk Replacement Program

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-09

Reference number: RFT 2026-08

Bid type: RFT

Description:
This Request for Tender (“RFT”) is an invitation by The Corporation of the Township of Georgian Bluffs (the “Township”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
SIDEWALK REPLACEMENT PROGRAM
, as further described in Section A – The Deliverables of the RFT Particulars (Appendix A).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Georgian Bluffs
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
RFT 2026-08
Bid Name:
Sidewalk Replacement Program
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu May 7, 2026 9:30:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 9, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 26, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Tender (“RFT”) is an invitation by The Corporation of the Township of Georgian Bluffs (the “Township”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
SIDEWALK REPLACEMENT  PROGRAM
, as further described in Section A – The Deliverables of the RFT Particulars (Appendix A).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Landscaping & Forestry
Seeding
Mulch
Supplies & Services
Small Landscape Equipment (ex. Blowers, push mowers, weed wackers, etc.)
Top Soil
Aggregates
Sand
Winter Salt
Granular Materials
Asphalt
Concrete
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Infrastructure
Heavy Duty Equipment
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.