Title: Consulting Engineering Services for the preliminary and detailed design of the Bowmanville Zone 1 Feedermain on Lambs Road and Concession Road 3, Municipality of Clarington

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-10

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: RFP-1063-2026

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Consulting Engineering Services for the preliminary and detailed design of the Bowmanville Zone 1 Feedermain on Lambs Road and Concession Road 3, Municipality of Clarington

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Durham Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFP-1063-2026
Bid Name:
Consulting Engineering Services for the preliminary and detailed design of the Bowmanville Zone 1 Feedermain on Lambs Road and Concession Road 3, Municipality of Clarington
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 10, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
In order to support Canadian companies and Canadian jobs, while developing longer term alternatives to diversify our supply chain, the Region of Durham is not awarding contracts to U.S. Businesses. Refer to bid document.
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Consulting Engineering Services for the preliminary and detailed design of the Bowmanville Zone 1 Feedermain on Lambs Road and Concession Road 3, Municipality of Clarington
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan takers
The following are the plan takers for this bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.