Title: Masonry Repairs at ESC Monseigneur-de-Charbonnel, Toronto

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: 2026-49

Bid type: RFPQ

Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by Conseil scolaire catholique MonAvenir (the “Board”) to prospective respondents to submit non-binding quotations for
the Masonry Repairs at ESC Monseigneur-de-Charbonnel.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - CSCMA
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFPQ
Bid Number:
2026-49
Bid Name:
Masonry Repairs at ESC Monseigneur-de-Charbonnel, Toronto
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 1, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by Conseil scolaire catholique MonAvenir (the “Board”) to prospective respondents to submit non-binding quotations for
the Masonry Repairs at ESC Monseigneur-de-Charbonnel.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Asphalt
Concrete
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.