Title: Supply & Delivery of up to Two (2) New Mechanical Sweepers

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: RFT-37-2026

Bid type: Request for Tenders

Description:
* Electronic Submissions Only *
The Town of Oakville (the town) invites tenders for goods described as Supply & Delivery of:
EXHIBIT A: For one (1) only NEW 2025 - 2026 model year Self-propelled sub-compact 4WD articulating mechanical vacuum sweeper and litter collection machine with dual gutter brooms and third broom attachment complete with fully enclosed cab.
EXHIBIT B: For one (1) only NEW 2025 - 2026 model year Self-propelled fill size 2WD mechanical sweeper and litter collection machine with dual gutter brooms and third broom attachment complete with fully enclosed cab.
Bidders may bid on any or all Exhibits.
Bidders must be the Manufacturer or an Authorized Dealer for the items being bid and confirm as such. Failure will deem submission non-compliant.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Oakville
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Request for Tenders
Bid Number:
RFT-37-2026
Bid Name:
Supply & Delivery of up to Two (2) New Mechanical Sweepers
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 16, 2026 9:00:59 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
3
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
* Electronic Submissions Only *
The Town of Oakville (the town) invites tenders for goods described as Supply & Delivery of:
EXHIBIT A:  For one (1) only NEW 2025 - 2026 model year Self-propelled sub-compact 4WD articulating mechanical vacuum sweeper and litter collection machine with dual gutter brooms and third broom attachment complete with fully enclosed cab.
EXHIBIT B:  For one (1) only NEW 2025 - 2026 model year Self-propelled fill size 2WD mechanical sweeper and litter collection machine with dual gutter brooms and third broom attachment complete with fully enclosed cab.
Bidders may bid on any or all Exhibits.
Bidders must be the Manufacturer or an Authorized Dealer for the items being bid and confirm as such. Failure will deem submission non-compliant.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Landscaping & Forestry
Small Landscape Equipment (ex. Blowers, push mowers, weed wackers, etc.)
Parks
Equipment & Supplies
Automotive
Supplies & Equipment
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Supplies and Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.