Title: Architectural Engineering Services - DWAN Clubhouse

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: 26-29

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Please upload a formal proposal via this online platform, Bids and Tenders.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Bloomington
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-29
Bid Name:
Architectural Engineering Services - DWAN Clubhouse
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 23, 2026 8:00 AM (CDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 11:00 AM (CDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 5:00 PM (CDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Please upload a formal proposal via this online platform, Bids and Tenders.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Recreation
Architectural
Engineering
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Parks Equipment and Supplies
Parks
Concession
Engineered Wood Fiber Surface
Recreation/Education
Park Development
Recreation Flooring / Restoration (Gym Floor, Rubberized, etc.)
Event Planning or Recreation
Building Services
Parking Lighting Maintenance
Equipment
Parks & Landscaping
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no registered plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.