Title: Request for Supplier Qualifications Land Surveying Services

Status: Open

Reference number: 24029

Bid type: Binding - RFSQ/VOR - Open

Description:
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) operates 79 elementary schools and 20 secondary schools in the 12 municipalities of the Niagara Region. We are proud to serve over 36,000 students from JK to Grade 12 each year. In addition, there are other administrative centres throughout this geographical area, including the Education Centre and a Service Centre.
The (DSBN) is seeking the services of multiple Professional Land Surveyors to provide surveying services for various school and administrative sites within the Region of Niagara, for a period of three (3) years commencing August 15, 2024 and ending August 14, 2027.
Consideration will be given to renew the contract for 2 separate one-year periods ending August 14, 2029. The DSBN will be pre-qualifying multiple firms.
Firms that do not meet the original submission deadline are still eligible and encouraged to submit a proposal. Proponents may submit a Pre-qualification proposal at any time throughout the duration of the contract. Additional Firms will be added to the list as they are received and reviewed by DSBN staff.
RFSQ 24029 will be reposted under the same bid number numerous times throughout the duration of the contract period in order to keep the bid process open. Once a Proponent has been qualified to provide the services as described herein under Contract 24029 they do not need to respond to further postings of this same Contract number.
Firms interested in submitting a response must be qualified to provide professional surveying services in accordance with the Association of Ontario Land Surveyors (AOLS) Regulations and Bylaws.
Responses are requested only from firms that feel this type of professional service is within their capabilities to perform the work on time and is suitable to their type of practice.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DSBN
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Binding - RFSQ/VOR - Open
Bid Number:
24029
Bid Name:
Request for Supplier Qualifications Land Surveying Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Sat Aug 14, 2027 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) operates 79 elementary schools and 20 secondary schools in the 12 municipalities of the Niagara Region. We are proud to serve over 36,000 students from JK to Grade 12 each year. In addition, there are other administrative centres throughout this geographical area, including the Education Centre and a Service Centre.
The (DSBN) is seeking the services of multiple Professional Land Surveyors to provide surveying services for various school and administrative sites within the Region of Niagara, for a period of three (3) years commencing August 15, 2024 and ending August 14, 2027.
Consideration will be given to renew the contract for 2 separate one-year periods ending August 14, 2029. The DSBN will be pre-qualifying multiple firms.
Firms that do not meet the original submission deadline are still eligible and encouraged to submit a proposal.  Proponents may submit a Pre-qualification proposal at any time throughout the duration of the contract.  Additional Firms will be added to the list as they are received and reviewed by DSBN staff.
RFSQ 24029 will be reposted under the same bid number numerous times throughout the duration of the contract period in order to keep the bid process open. Once a Proponent has been qualified to provide the services as described herein under Contract 24029 they do not need to respond to further postings of this same Contract number.
Firms interested in submitting a response must be qualified to provide professional surveying services in accordance with the Association of Ontario Land Surveyors (AOLS) Regulations and Bylaws.
Responses are requested only from firms that feel this type of professional service is within their capabilities to perform the work on time and is suitable to their type of practice.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Environmental Goods & Services
Soil testing, Boring, Drilling, Geotechnical, Soil Management
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Landfill
Waste Container
Green Power
Recycling Containers (green, blue, rain barrel, composter, etc.)
Pollution & Odour Control
Sewage Pumping Station
Consulting Services
Portable Toilets & Septic Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.