Title: FCM GHG Reduction Pathway and Climate Risk Study

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: 8453P

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of Richmond (the “City”) is proposing experienced consultants (“Proponents”) to submit their Proposal in response to facilitating and developing a GHG Reduction Pathway Feasibility Study ("Pathway Study") and Climate Risk Assessment ("CRA") for multiple City facilities (the “Project”), as described in the Contract Documents.
Effective immediately RFP 8374P GHG Reduction Pathway Feasibility Study and Climate Risk Assessment is cancelled in its entirety, and all Proposals received in response to the RFP are hereby rejected.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Richmond
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
8453P
Bid Name:
FCM GHG Reduction Pathway and Climate Risk Study
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 26, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Richmond (the “City”) is proposing experienced consultants (“Proponents”) to submit their Proposal in response to facilitating and developing a GHG Reduction Pathway Feasibility Study ("Pathway Study") and Climate Risk Assessment ("CRA") for multiple City facilities (the “Project”), as described in the Contract Documents.
Effective immediately RFP 8374P GHG Reduction Pathway Feasibility Study and Climate Risk Assessment is cancelled in its entirety, and all Proposals received in response to the RFP are hereby rejected.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Energy
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.