Title: Space Needs Assessment at Dufferin Oaks Long Term Care Facility

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-06-18

Reference number: RFP2026 DO-26-05

Bid type: Request For Proposal

Description:
RFP2026 DO-26-05: Space Needs Assessment at Dufferin Oaks Long Term Home

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - County of Dufferin
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request For Proposal
Bid Number:
RFP2026 DO-26-05
Bid Name:
Space Needs Assessment at Dufferin Oaks Long Term Care Facility
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed May 6, 2026 1:15:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 18, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
RFP2026 DO-26-05: Space Needs Assessment at Dufferin Oaks Long Term Home
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Real Estate
Other
Architectural
Planning
Engineering
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Signs
Design
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.