Title: General Contracting, Repair, Maintenance and Construction Management Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-06-17

Reference number: RFSO-022-26

Bid type: RFSO - Request for Standing Offer

Description:
T
he District of North Vancouver (the "District") invites qualified general contractors ("Proponents") to apply for a Standing Offer Agreement (SOA) to provide General Contracting, Repair, Maintenance, Construction Management, and Prime Contracting services on an "as and when required" basis. This agreement will establish a roster of pre-qualified contractors to support renewal, repair, and improvement projects, as well as ongoing preventative maintenance (PM) at various
District
facilities.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DNV
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFSO - Request for Standing Offer
Bid Number:
RFSO-022-26
Bid Name:
General Contracting, Repair, Maintenance and Construction Management Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon May 4, 2026 11:42:59 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 17, 2026 4:00:59 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed Jun 10, 2026 11:59:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
T
he District of North Vancouver (the "District") invites qualified general contractors ("Proponents") to apply for a Standing Offer Agreement (SOA) to provide General Contracting, Repair, Maintenance, Construction Management, and Prime Contracting services on an "as and when required" basis. This agreement will establish a roster of pre-qualified contractors to support renewal, repair, and improvement projects, as well as ongoing preventative maintenance (PM) at various
District
facilities.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
Restoration Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.