Title: Removal of Assets from Discovery Creek Mine Site

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Reference number: RFB-2026-5-5282

Bid type: Request for Bids

Description:
Community: The Village of Carmacks
Traditional Territory: Little Salmon/Carmacks First Nation
The Government of Yukon requires the removal and disposal of abandoned structures, heavy machinery, and equipment at the Discovery Creek Mine Site, Yukon Territory, at an approved facility to support remediation, eliminate safety hazards, and reduce environmental risks.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Yukon
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Bids
Bid Number:
RFB-2026-5-5282
Bid Name:
Removal of Assets from Discovery Creek Mine Site
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 10, 2026 4:00:00 PM (YST)
Question Deadline:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 12:00:00 PM (YST)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Not Applicable
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Community: The Village of Carmacks
Traditional Territory: Little Salmon/Carmacks First Nation
The Government of Yukon requires the removal and disposal of abandoned structures, heavy machinery, and equipment at the Discovery Creek Mine Site, Yukon Territory, at an approved facility to support remediation, eliminate safety hazards, and reduce environmental risks.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.