Title: Roadway Winter Maintenance

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: RFP-15-2026

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Town requires a Vendor who can supplement roadway plowing and sanding/salting operations during the winter season. The Vendor will provide all qualified labour and supervision, and furnish its own equipment to fully perform the Work specified in this Scope of Work to the standards specified in this Scope of Work.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Town of Whitby
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFP-15-2026
Bid Name:
Roadway Winter Maintenance
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 15, 2026 4:45:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 11:59:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
53
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Town requires a Vendor who can supplement roadway plowing and sanding/salting operations during the winter season.   The Vendor will provide all qualified labour and supervision, and furnish its own equipment to fully perform the Work specified in this Scope of Work to the standards specified in this Scope of Work.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Supplies and Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.