Title: RFSO Storm and Sanitary Sewer System Cleaning and Investigation Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-13

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: C0009

Bid type: Request For Standing Offer

Description:
As per tender documents.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Russell Township
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request For Standing Offer
Bid Number:
C0009
Bid Name:
RFSO Storm and Sanitary Sewer System Cleaning and Investigation Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 13, 2026 3:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
8
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
As per tender documents.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Drainage
Infrastructure
Water and Sewer
CCTV Inspection
Catch Basin Cleaning
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.