Title: Development of Child Care Centre

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: 2026-004

Bid type: RFP - Request for Proposal

Description:
The MNO is undertaking the development of a licensed child care centre in Thunder Bay, Ontario, as part of its broader strategy to expand early learning and child care services.
The project involves the renovation and adaptation of an existing facility to support a culturally appropriate, safe, and fully licensed child care environment.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - MNO
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFP - Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
2026-004
Bid Name:
Development of Child Care Centre
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Date of Planned Notice:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Estimated Bid Publishing Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 2:30:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed Apr 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The MNO is undertaking the development of a licensed child care centre in Thunder Bay, Ontario, as part of its broader strategy to expand early learning and child care services.
The project involves the renovation and adaptation of an existing facility to support a culturally appropriate, safe, and fully licensed child care environment.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.