Title: RFT North 12th Concession Drain

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: 173

Bid type: Tender/RFT

Description:
This is an invitation from the Corporation of the Town of Tecumseh to prepare and submit competitive offers for channel maintenance and culvert replacements of the North 12th Concession Drain

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Tecumseh
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Tender/RFT
Bid Number:
173
Bid Name:
RFT North 12th Concession Drain
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This is an invitation from the Corporation of the Town of Tecumseh to prepare and submit competitive offers for channel maintenance and culvert replacements  of the North 12th Concession Drain
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Municipal Drains
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Utility
Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.