Title: RM of Boissevain Morten- Waste Water Lagoon Upgrade

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: MWSB 1786

Bid type: RFT

Description:
Project Description:
The expansion of the Boissevain wastewater treatment lagoon for the Municipality of Boissevain-Morton including construction of a new clay-lined aerated primary cell (#1), raw wastewater forcemain extension, upgrades to the existing lift station, relining of the existing
facultative secondary cell and conversion of this cell to an aerated primary cell (#2), liquid level control structures, new operations building, flow monitoring, two new SAGR cells, new effluent lift station, effluent forcemain and outfall structure, biosolids removal and land
application, decommissioning activities and coordination with the pre-bid equipment supplier.
$8,280,728.82

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - MWSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
MWSB 1786
Bid Name:
RM of Boissevain Morten- Waste Water Lagoon Upgrade
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 20, 2026 2:12:00 PM (CDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 11:00:00 AM (CDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 4:00:00 PM (CDT)
Duration in months:
0
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Project Description:
The expansion of the Boissevain wastewater treatment lagoon for the Municipality of Boissevain-Morton including construction of a new clay-lined aerated primary cell (#1), raw wastewater forcemain extension, upgrades to the existing lift station, relining of the existing
facultative secondary cell and conversion of this cell to an aerated primary cell (#2), liquid level control structures, new operations building, flow monitoring, two new SAGR cells, new effluent lift station, effluent forcemain and outfall structure, biosolids removal and land
application, decommissioning activities and coordination with the pre-bid equipment supplier.
$8,280,728.82
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Structures & Land
Prefabricated
Thoroughfares
Portable Buildings
Permanent Buildings
Trade Services
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Electrical
Concrete
Utility
Supplies
Services
Water and Sewer
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Well & Water Related Services
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Infrastructure
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Demolition
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Supplies and Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.