Title: RFPQ-Architectural Services - Standing Opportunity

Status: Open

Published date: 2024-05-22

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: RFPQ-Architectural

Bid type: Request for Pre-Qualification

Description:
The purpose of this Request for Pre-Qualification is to invite interested parties to submit responses indicating their interests in, and qualifications for, becoming pre-qualified to participate in future procurement opportunities for Architectural services for capital construction projects at Island Health. This opportunity is open to both new firms as well as firms that have experience with Island Health projects.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - VIHA
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Pre-Qualification
Bid Number:
RFPQ-Architectural
Bid Name:
RFPQ-Architectural Services - Standing Opportunity
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed May 22, 2024 4:00:59 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00:59 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The purpose of this Request for Pre-Qualification is to invite interested parties to submit responses indicating their interests in, and qualifications for, becoming pre-qualified to participate in future procurement opportunities for Architectural services for capital construction projects at Island Health.  This opportunity is open to both new firms as well as firms that have experience with Island Health projects.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.