Title: Contract Caretaking - Various Sites

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: 26-052

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The HDSB is requesting proposals from qualified vendors for Contract Caretaking Services at various sites.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - HDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-052
Bid Name:
Contract Caretaking - Various Sites
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Registration Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 12:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 4, 2026 12:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
0
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Submit via email to - arrudama@hdsb.ca
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The HDSB is requesting proposals from qualified vendors for Contract Caretaking Services at various sites.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Services
Cleaning
Generator Equipment
Pest Control
Mats & Linens
Industrial Cleaning
Graffiti Removal
Sprinkler System
Window Cleaning
Security & Monitoring
Fencing
Overhead Door
Elevator
Parking Lighting Maintenance
Movers & Storage
Production & Manufacturing Services
Locksmith
Building Automation
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.