Title: Part A Systems Implementation Services – Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) & Enterprise Asset Management (EAM)

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: 807199-NRFP-2026-EUI-40-Edmonton-ELY

Bid type: RFP

Description:
EPCOR is undertaking a strategically planned, phased transformation to replace its Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) systems with modern, cloud‑based solutions that streamline operations, align processes to industry standards, and reduce long‑term technical debt. The initiative encompasses the full lifecycle replacement of aging systems, disparate technologies, and inconsistent processes currently in use across EPCOR.
See Main Body document for further details.
Access to Appendix 1 and Appendix 2 of this NRFP is subject to completion of a confidentiality agreement and the Proponent meeting the mandatory requirements. Refer to section 1.6 Confidentiality Agreement in the Main Body. Proponents will be invited to Part B on Bids&Tenders.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - EPCOR Canada
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
807199-NRFP-2026-EUI-40-Edmonton-ELY
Bid Name:
Part A Systems Implementation Services – Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) & Enterprise Asset Management (EAM)
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:59 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 2:01:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
84
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to section 1.6 Confidentiality Agreement of the Main Body
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
elee-yap@epcor.com
Public Opening:
No
Description:
EPCOR is undertaking a strategically planned, phased transformation to replace its Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) systems with modern, cloud‑based solutions that streamline operations, align processes to industry standards, and reduce long‑term technical debt. The initiative encompasses the full lifecycle replacement of aging systems, disparate technologies, and inconsistent processes currently in use across EPCOR.
See Main Body document for further details.
Access to Appendix 1 and Appendix 2 of this NRFP is subject to completion of a confidentiality agreement and the Proponent meeting the mandatory requirements. Refer to section 1.6 Confidentiality Agreement in the Main Body. Proponents will be invited to Part B on Bids&Tenders.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Information Technology
Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.