Title: Fire Hall 12 - Roof Top Units Replacement

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: RFT-2026-113

Bid type: Request for Tender

Description:
The City of London is seeking a qualified contractor to Replace four conventional gas fired Roof Top Units to Hybrid Roof Top Unit (RTUS).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - London
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Tender
Bid Number:
RFT-2026-113
Bid Name:
Fire Hall 12 - Roof Top Units Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 29, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Pricing:
$40.00 - Download Only
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of London is seeking a qualified contractor to Replace four conventional gas fired Roof Top Units to Hybrid Roof Top Unit (RTUS).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).

								In addition, the agency fee of $40.00 must be paid.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.