Title: Request for Prequalification (RFPQ) for Various Planned Linear & Bridge Capital Projects (2022)

Status: Open

Published date: 2022-04-19

Closing date: 2026-12-31

Reference number: ISD20-181

Bid type: Request for Prequalification

Description:
RFPQ ISD20-181, Request for Prequalification for Various Planned Linear & Bridge Capital Projects
Refer to the RFPQ Document for all details, timelines and/or conditions, if applicable, regarding this procurement.
Refer to the RFPQ Document for the Official Point of Contact.
All communications shall be done through the "Submit a Question" feature on greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.
Verbal communications will not be binding on the City. Bidders shall review the Bid Solicitation and shall promptly report and request clarification of any discrepancy, deficiency, ambiguity, error, inconsistency or omission contained therein through greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Greater Sudbury
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Prequalification
Bid Number:
ISD20-181
Bid Name:
Request for Prequalification (RFPQ) for Various Planned Linear & Bridge Capital Projects (2022)
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 19, 2022 2:35:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Dec 31, 2026 1:30:00 PM (EST)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
RFPQ ISD20-181, Request for Prequalification for Various Planned Linear & Bridge Capital Projects
Refer to the RFPQ Document for all details, timelines and/or conditions, if applicable, regarding this procurement.
Refer to the RFPQ Document for the Official Point of Contact.
All communications shall be done through the "Submit a Question" feature on greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.
Verbal communications will not be binding on the City.  Bidders shall review the Bid Solicitation and shall promptly report and request clarification of any discrepancy, deficiency, ambiguity, error, inconsistency or omission contained therein through greatersudbury.bidsandtenders.ca.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Sand
Winter Salt
Granular Materials
Asphalt
Concrete
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Infrastructure
Municipal Drains
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Water and Sewer
Well & Water Related Services
Watermain Swabbing
Cathodic Protection
Emergency Watermain
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Catch Basin Cleaning
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Supplies and Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.