Title: Digital Signage Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: 26-107

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Town of Okotoks (the “Town”) is seeking proposals from experienced and qualified contractors to replace the Town’s digital signage platform to meet growing business requirements.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Town of Okotoks
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-107
Bid Name:
Digital Signage Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:59 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Town of Okotoks (the “Town”) is seeking proposals from experienced and qualified contractors to replace the Town’s digital signage platform to meet growing business requirements.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Information Technology
Services
Computer Hardware
Computer Software
Servers/Racks/Data Centre/Storage
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.