Title: Carbon Credit Verification Consultation Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Reference number: COL-26-051

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
This Request for Quotations (“the RFQ”) issued by the City of Lethbridge (the “City”) is an invitation to submit non-binding offers for the provision of
Carbon Credit Verification Consultation Services
as further described in
Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix C) (the “Deliverables”)
, for the Rates established in the pricing Schedule(s). The respondent selected pursuant to this RFQ process will be informed through electronic communication. Respondents not selected will also be informed through electronic communication.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lethbridge
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
COL-26-051
Bid Name:
Carbon Credit Verification Consultation Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 20, 2026 9:50:00 AM (MDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:00:00 PM (MDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Quotations (“the RFQ”) issued by the City of Lethbridge (the “City”) is an invitation to submit non-binding offers for the provision of
Carbon Credit Verification Consultation Services
as further described in
Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix C) (the “Deliverables”)
, for the Rates established in the pricing Schedule(s). The respondent selected pursuant to this RFQ process will be informed through electronic communication. Respondents not selected will also be informed through electronic communication.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Environmental Goods & Services
Soil testing, Boring, Drilling, Geotechnical, Soil Management
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Landfill
Waste Container
Green Power
Recycling Containers (green, blue, rain barrel, composter, etc.)
Pollution & Odour Control
Sewage Pumping Station
Consulting Services
Portable Toilets & Septic Services
Professional, Strategic, Administrative or Management Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.