Title: Request for Proposals for the Grande Cache Landfill Closure Capping and Report

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Reference number: ENV-2026-05

Bid type: Request for Proposals

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Municipal District of Greenview No. 16 (“the Municipality”) to prospective Bidders to submit proposals for Grande Cache Landfill Closure Capping and Report as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Greenview
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Proposals
Bid Number:
ENV-2026-05
Bid Name:
Request for Proposals for the Grande Cache Landfill Closure Capping and Report
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 2:00:59 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 4:00:00 PM (MDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Municipal District of Greenview No. 16 (“the Municipality”) to prospective Bidders to submit proposals for Grande Cache Landfill Closure Capping and Report as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Environmental Goods & Services
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Landfill
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Supplies and Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.