Title: Asbestos Removal for Family and Multi Units

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-11

Reference number: RFT-2026-08

Bid type: Tender

Description:
The City is seeking bids from qualified contractors to complete the removal, repair, and/or encapsulation of all Priority 1 materials identified in the attached inspection and/or assessment reports for the City’s Family Units and Multi-Unit Properties.
The intent of this tender is to address all Priority 1 items noted in the attached reports, with the exception of drywall-related work, which will be completed separately by the City’s internal staff.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Stratford
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
RFT-2026-08
Bid Name:
Asbestos Removal for Family and Multi Units
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 11, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 26, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City is seeking bids from qualified contractors to complete the removal, repair, and/or encapsulation of all Priority 1 materials identified in the attached inspection and/or assessment reports for the City’s Family Units and Multi-Unit Properties.
The intent of this tender is to address all Priority 1 items noted in the attached reports, with the exception of drywall-related work, which will be completed separately by the City’s internal staff.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Restoration Services
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Asbestos removal
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.