Title: BF 72752 - Bridge Replacement and Other work

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: RFT BR-32-0064

Bid type: Invitation to Bid – Request for Tender (RFT)

Description:
The Scope of Work for this Contract is to remove and dispose the existing two spans (2 - 6.1 m ) precast concrete girder bridge on timber piles and to supply, set up and drive galvanized and plain steel H piles at abutments and piers, SPCS abutments backwalls and wingwalls including new steel H-piles abutment and pier caps with stiffener plates, Class 1 heavy rock riprap, fabrication, delivery and erection of three spans (8m-14m-8 m) long type SL-510 prestressed girders, backfill at bridge ends, supply and installation of new TL-2 low height thrie beam bridgerail and approach rail transition, approach road guardrail, roadway work, and supply and installation of silt fence.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - M.D. of Bonnyville
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Invitation to Bid – Request for Tender (RFT)
Bid Number:
RFT BR-32-0064
Bid Name:
BF 72752 - Bridge Replacement and Other work
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 12:00:00 PM (MDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
Yes
Public Opening Address:
61330 Range Road 455, Bonnyville, Alberta T9N 2J7
Description:
The Scope of Work for this Contract is to remove and dispose the existing two spans (2 - 6.1 m ) precast concrete girder bridge on timber piles and to supply, set up and drive galvanized and plain steel H piles at abutments and piers, SPCS abutments backwalls and wingwalls including new steel H-piles abutment and pier caps with stiffener plates, Class 1 heavy rock riprap, fabrication, delivery and erection of three spans (8m-14m-8 m) long type SL-510 prestressed girders, backfill at bridge ends, supply and installation of new TL-2 low height thrie beam bridgerail and approach rail transition, approach road guardrail, roadway work, and supply and installation of silt fence.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.