Title: Bids and Tenders - Kitchener

Status: :

Reference number: Q26-007

Bid type: RFQ - Low Bid

Description:
The work includes the replacement of the existing sanitary sewer, storm sewer, water supply system, roadway, curb and gutter, sidewalks and municipal service connections to the street property line, and the installation of cycling facilities, extending over an approximate project distance of 960 metres.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Kitchener
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ - Low Bid
Bid Number:
Q26-007
Bid Name:
Wellington Street North (Lancaster Street West to East of Spring Valley Road), Patrick Street (Wellington Street North to End), & Johnston Street (Patrick Street to End)
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 1:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 1, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The work includes the replacement of the existing sanitary sewer, storm sewer, water supply system, roadway, curb and gutter, sidewalks and municipal service connections to the street property line, and the installation of cycling facilities, extending over an approximate project distance of 960 metres.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.