Title: RFP for Municipal Surplus Land Sale - Bruce Avenue

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-06-11

Reference number: 1283

Bid type: RFP

Description:
RFP for Municipal Surplus Land Sale - Bruce Avenue

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Timmins
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
1283
Bid Name:
RFP for Municipal Surplus Land Sale - Bruce Avenue
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 8:45:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 11, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 28, 2026 1:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Public Opening Address:
220 Algonquin Blvd East Timmins Ontario P4N 1B3
Description:
RFP for Municipal Surplus Land Sale - Bruce Avenue
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Real Estate
Building Structures & Land
Land
Surplus Sales
Surplus
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.