Title: Job Order Contract 2026 General Construction

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Reference number: 20658

Bid type: PP

Description:
The County of Placer is soliciting sealed bids to furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, tax, and services necessary for the PLACER COUNTY JOB ORDER CONTRACT 2026 – GENERAL CONSTRUCTION (the “Work”).
The Work consists generally of the following: Up to seven (7) Job Order Contracts may be awarded. The number of contracts awarded shall be at the County's sole discretion and in the County's best interests. Each Job Order Contract (JOC) awarded under this solicitation will be an indefinite quantity, one (1) year contract pursuant to which the Contractor will perform a variety of projects, consisting of specific construction tasks, at different locations throughout Placer County. The scope of each JOC Contract is for general construction, repair, remodel, and other repetitive related work to be performed for the Placer County Department of General Services, Building Maintenance Division.
Each JOC will have a $0 Minimum Contract Value. Each Maximum Contract Value is $5,200,000. The Contractor will not be issued Job Orders which in total exceed the Maximum Contract Value. The County does not guarantee the Contractor will receive this volume of Work. The County has no obligation to give the Contractor the opportunity to perform Job Orders in excess of the Minimum Contract Value.
The County reserves the right to exercise a bilateral option to increase the Maximum Contract Value to the amount currently authorized by the California Public Contract Code, approximately $5,200,000 during the term of the Contract.
Bids shall be submitted in accordance with the specifications, terms, and conditions contained in this Bid Invitation and associated attachments.
The opening of the bids will be conducted via Microsoft Teams immediately after the bid Closing Date and time. Any bids received after the bid Closing Date and time specified shall be returned unopened.
BID OPENING
Join:
https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/21243151512088?p=LOm5h5wwItlPQ91K5b
Meeting ID:
212 431 515 120 88
Passcode:
Du7ti9jo
Need help?
|
System reference
Dial in by phone
+1 619-483-4068,,150940946#
United States, Chula Vista

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Placer County
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
PP
Bid Number:
20658
Bid Name:
Job Order Contract 2026 General Construction
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 26, 2026 11:00 AM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 5:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
Yes
Public Opening Address:
2964 Richardson Drive, Auburn, CA 95603
Description:
The County of Placer is soliciting sealed bids to furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, tax, and services necessary for the PLACER COUNTY JOB ORDER CONTRACT 2026 – GENERAL CONSTRUCTION (the “Work”).
The Work consists generally of the following: Up to seven (7) Job Order Contracts may be awarded.  The number of contracts awarded shall be at the County's sole discretion and in the County's best interests.  Each Job Order Contract (JOC) awarded under this solicitation will be an indefinite quantity, one (1) year contract pursuant to which the Contractor will perform a variety of projects, consisting of specific construction tasks, at different locations throughout Placer County. The scope of each JOC Contract is for general construction, repair, remodel, and other repetitive related work to be performed for the Placer County Department of General Services, Building Maintenance Division.
Each JOC will have a $0 Minimum Contract Value.  Each Maximum Contract Value is $5,200,000.  The Contractor will not be issued Job Orders which in total exceed the Maximum Contract Value.  The County does not guarantee the Contractor will receive this volume of Work.  The County has no obligation to give the Contractor the opportunity to perform Job Orders in excess of the Minimum Contract Value.
The County reserves the right to exercise a bilateral option to increase the Maximum Contract Value to the amount currently authorized by the California Public Contract Code, approximately $5,200,000 during the term of the Contract.
Bids shall be submitted in accordance with the specifications, terms, and conditions contained in this Bid Invitation and associated attachments.
The opening of the bids will be conducted via Microsoft Teams immediately after the bid Closing Date and time.  Any bids received after the bid Closing Date and time specified shall be returned unopened.
BID OPENING
Join:
https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/21243151512088?p=LOm5h5wwItlPQ91K5b
Meeting ID:
212 431 515 120 88
Passcode:
Du7ti9jo
Need help?
|
System reference
Dial in by phone
+1 619-483-4068,,150940946#
United States, Chula Vista
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Tile and Marble Work, All Types
Glass and Glazing
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Plumbing
Plastering Drywall
Insulation
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Painting and Wallpapering
Carpet/ Flooring
Carpentry
Electrical
Concrete
Roofing and Siding
Construction
Building & Renovation
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.