Title: Prequalification of Vendors of Record for Specialized Needs Supplies, Equipment and Furniture

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-08-31

Reference number: 24161

Bid type: Binding - RFSQ/VOR - Open

Description:
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS TO PROPONENTS
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) is interested in obtaining Submissions for various Specialized Needs requirements as follows for Sections A, B, C and D, for the period beginning June 1, 2024 to August 31 2025. Consideration will be given to renew the contracts for four (4) separate one-year periods ending August 31, 2029.
The requirements are separated into sections, with each section to be separately evaluated; accordingly. Proponents may provide submission(s) for any/all Sections.
 Section A Specialized Supplies
 Section B Specialized Equipment and Furniture
 Section C Specialized Hearing
 Section D Inspections of Hoists and Body Supports

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DSBN
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Binding - RFSQ/VOR - Open
Bid Number:
24161
Bid Name:
Prequalification of Vendors of Record for Specialized Needs Supplies,  Equipment and Furniture
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Aug 31, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS TO PROPONENTS
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) is interested in obtaining Submissions for various Specialized Needs requirements as follows for Sections A, B, C and D, for the period beginning June 1, 2024 to August 31 2025. Consideration will be given to renew the contracts for four (4) separate one-year periods ending August 31, 2029.
The requirements are separated into sections, with each section to be separately evaluated; accordingly. Proponents may provide submission(s) for any/all Sections.
 Section A Specialized Supplies
 Section B Specialized Equipment and Furniture
 Section C Specialized Hearing
 Section D Inspections of Hoists and Body Supports
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.