Title: 26-404 Nine Mile Creek Lower Valley Management Plan Renewal Project

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Reference number: 26-E5

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of Bloomington is seeking proposals from qualified individuals, firms, partnerships, and corporations having specific experience in natural and upland resource restoration and management. This plan seeks to create a sustainable ecosystem within the Nine Mile Creek Lower Valley by implementing long-lasting, self-sustaining strategies. The goal is to restore or guide the ecosystem toward a desired vegetation composition that reflects a natural community suited to the historic and future ecology of the Nine Mile Creek and Minnesota River corridors.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Bloomington
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-E5
Bid Name:
26-404 Nine Mile Creek Lower Valley Management Plan Renewal Project
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed May 6, 2026 12:00 PM (CDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 10, 2026 11:00 AM (CDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 12:00 PM (CDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Bloomington is seeking proposals from qualified individuals, firms, partnerships, and corporations having specific experience in natural and upland resource restoration and management. This plan seeks to create a sustainable ecosystem within the Nine Mile Creek Lower Valley by implementing long-lasting, self-sustaining strategies.  The goal is to restore or guide the ecosystem toward a desired vegetation composition that reflects a natural community suited to the historic and future ecology of the Nine Mile Creek and Minnesota River corridors.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Landscaping & Forestry
Seeding
Mulch
Landscape & Forestry Supplies
Arborist
Tree planting
Supplies & Services
Tree  Maintenance
Field Restoration
Small Landscape Equipment (ex. Blowers, push mowers, weed wackers, etc.)
Top Soil
Horticultural Supplies
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.