Title: Snow Removal Services

Status: Open

Reference number: RFSQRF2023197

Bid type: RFSQ (Roster Framework)

Description:
The City of St. John's requires a Roster Framework for Snow Removal Services. Those submissions that are deemed to be compliant with the pre-qualification process will be considered accepted submissions. The successful pre-qualified respondent(s) will be placed on a Roster which City staff will utilize to solicit competitive quotations for specific projects.
Two Rosters will be put in place: one for small snow removal operations and another for large snow removal operations. Suppliers must submit for each of the operations (small and large) for which they wish to be considered.
Suppliers that qualify to be included in a snow removal Roster will be contacted on a rotating basis for a Second-Stage Competitive Process (otherwise referred to as a Request for Quotations (RFQ)) for snow removal. All requests will be for a lump sum price. Quotes may need to be received in a short timeframe (within 12 to 24 hours as specified for each request). It is anticipated the successful bidder will be given approval to proceed soon after the quote deadline and will be required to begin work as outlined in the RFQ.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - St. John's
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFSQ (Roster Framework)
Bid Number:
RFSQRF2023197
Bid Name:
Snow Removal Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Sat Apr 30, 2033 4:00 PM (NDT)
Duration in months:
120
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of St. John's requires a Roster Framework for Snow Removal Services. Those submissions that are deemed to be compliant with the pre-qualification process will be considered accepted submissions. The successful pre-qualified respondent(s) will be placed on a Roster which City staff will utilize to solicit competitive quotations for specific projects.
Two Rosters will be put in place: one for small snow removal operations and another for large snow removal operations. Suppliers must submit for each of the operations (small and large) for which they wish to be considered.
Suppliers that qualify to be included in a snow removal Roster will be contacted on a rotating basis for a Second-Stage Competitive Process (otherwise referred to as a Request for Quotations (RFQ)) for snow removal. All requests will be for a lump sum price. Quotes may need to be received in a short timeframe (within 12 to 24 hours as specified for each request). It is anticipated the successful bidder will be given approval to proceed soon after the quote deadline and will be required to begin work as outlined in the RFQ.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Road Maintenance
Snow Clearing
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.