Title: Notice of Procurement – Prequalification for Consulting Engineering Services for Transportation Infrastructure Projects

Status: Open

Published date: 2023-10-27

Closing date: 2026-11-30

Reference number: Notice-2023-800

Bid type: Request for Pre-Qualification

Description:
As part of the City of London Grouped Consultant Selection Process the Transportation Planning and Design Division continues with the RFPQ program for 2024, 2025, and 2026 projects. This program was established to reduce the administration time for all parties and ensure the most qualified Consultants are conducting the work.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - London
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Pre-Qualification
Bid Number:
Notice-2023-800
Bid Name:
Notice of Procurement – Prequalification for Consulting Engineering Services for Transportation Infrastructure Projects
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Oct 27, 2023 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Nov 30, 2026 12:00:00 AM (EST)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
N/A  See Notice Document
Public Opening:
No
Description:
As part of the City of London Grouped Consultant Selection Process the Transportation Planning and Design Division continues with the RFPQ program for 2024, 2025, and 2026 projects. This program was established to reduce the administration time for all parties and ensure the most qualified Consultants are conducting the work.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Documents Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.