Title: Comprehensive Parking Management System

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-27

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: RFP-2026-09

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
The City is seeking a single supplier for a Canadian hosted web-based software solution that encompasses both parking enforcement technology and a citation management system that will supply a complete end-to-end parking management system that includes: the issuance of parking tickets, the issuance of parking permits, online ticket payment, generation of notices, and reporting. The solution will replace and enhance the capabilities of the current system and to add a customer self-service portal. The expected outcome of this procurement process is to secure a multi-year contract for the supply of a turnkey, out-of-the-box solution requiring minimal customization and capable of integrating easily with existing infrastructure. Vendor responsibilities would include, but is not limited to the supply, delivery, installation, implementation (including data migration and testing), hosting, training, maintenance, and support for a fully integrated parking management system.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Stratford
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
RFP-2026-09
Bid Name:
Comprehensive Parking Management System
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 27, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City is seeking a single supplier for a Canadian hosted web-based software solution that encompasses both parking enforcement technology and a citation management system that will supply a complete end-to-end parking management system that includes: the issuance of parking tickets, the issuance of parking permits, online ticket payment, generation of notices, and reporting. The solution will replace and enhance the capabilities of the current system and to add a customer self-service portal. The expected outcome of this procurement process is to secure a multi-year contract for the supply of a turnkey, out-of-the-box solution requiring minimal customization and capable of integrating easily with existing infrastructure. Vendor responsibilities would include, but is not limited to the supply, delivery, installation, implementation  (including data migration and testing), hosting, training, maintenance, and support for a fully integrated parking management system.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Information Technology
Services
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Other
Parking
Meters/Pay Display
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.