Title: Prince George Conference and Civic Centre Elevator Renewal

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: T26-025

Bid type: RFP/NRFP

Description:
City of Prince George (the “City “) invites bids from qualified and experienced Contractors to undertake the complete modernization of two (2) hydraulic passenger elevators at the Civic Centre. The scope of work includes the replacement and upgrading of elevator equipment to meet current safety standards, improve reliability, and extend the service life of the elevators. The Work will be completed in two (2) phases, with each elevator addressed separately, to ensure that scheduled events and operations will not be impacted.
The project also includes full integration of the modernized elevators with the building’s existing fire alarm system and emergency power system. Work will be coordinated to minimize disruption to building operations while maintaining safety for staff and the public.
This solicitation may lead to sequential or concurrent negotiations with one or more Bidders offering the lowest bid(s), or to the creation of a Contract without negotiations.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Prince George
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFP/NRFP
Bid Number:
T26-025
Bid Name:
Prince George Conference and Civic Centre Elevator Renewal
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 8, 2026 11:00:00 AM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 5:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
City of Prince George (the “City “) invites bids from qualified and experienced Contractors to undertake the complete modernization of two (2) hydraulic passenger elevators at the Civic Centre. The scope of work includes the replacement and upgrading of elevator equipment to meet current safety standards, improve reliability, and extend the service life of the elevators. The Work will be completed in two (2) phases, with each elevator addressed separately, to ensure that scheduled events and operations will not be impacted.
The project also includes full integration of the modernized elevators with the building’s existing fire alarm system and emergency power system. Work will be coordinated to minimize disruption to building operations while maintaining safety for staff and the public.
This solicitation may lead to sequential or concurrent negotiations with one or more Bidders offering the lowest bid(s), or to the creation of a Contract without negotiations.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Services
Elevator
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.