Title: Harold Road Booster Station Design

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Reference number: 2026-P016

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Summary:
For more details on this RFP and how to submit a proposal, please refer to the full bid documents.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - West Kelowna
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026-P016
Bid Name:
Harold Road Booster Station Design
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Summary:
For more details on this RFP and how to submit a proposal, please refer to the full bid documents.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.