Title: Empower Simcoe P-26-03 External Audit Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: P-26-03

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
Empower Simcoe and Empower Simcoe Foundation is seeking proposals from qualified public accounting firms, with experience and expertise in the Developmental Services sector, to provide annual external audit services.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - BidsAndTenders
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
P-26-03
Bid Name:
Empower Simcoe P-26-03 External Audit Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
tenders@empowersimcoe.ca
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Empower Simcoe and Empower Simcoe Foundation is seeking proposals from qualified public accounting firms, with experience and expertise in the Developmental Services sector, to provide annual external audit services.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Auditing
Financial Services
Accounting & Bookkeeping Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.