Title: Supply and Delivery of Course Highway Salt (Sodium Chloride) and Pretreated Course Highway Salt

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: 24-ENG-2026

Bid type: ITT

Description:
The Municipality is seeking bids from qualified bidders for the supply and delivery of highway salt, including all labour, materials, and equipment necessary to perform the work.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Port Hope
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
ITT
Bid Number:
24-ENG-2026
Bid Name:
Supply and Delivery of Course Highway Salt (Sodium Chloride) and Pretreated Course Highway Salt
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 9:00:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 25, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Municipality is seeking bids from qualified bidders for the supply and delivery of highway salt, including all labour, materials, and equipment necessary to perform the work.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Winter Salt
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.