Title: Supply, Installation and Maintenance Service of Sun Shade Umbrellas

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: 2026-10-P

Bid type: RFP

Description:
York Catholic District School Board is seeking Proposals for
Supply, Installation and Maintenance Service of Sun Shade Umbrellas.
This RFP is an invitation from the the Board to prospective Proponents to submit Proposals for the provision of
Supply, Installation and Maintenance Service of Sun Shade Umbrellas
to support the Board, as further described in the RFP. The objective is to establish a Vendor partnership that will allow the Board to purchase quality service at a competitive price, while improving management reporting and reducing material and administrative costs.
Proponents are invited to bid the competitive prices, including all delivery charges for which the Proponent is prepared to provide the services requested herein, in accordance with the guidelines expressed in the enclosed document.
The Board will determine the highest ranked Proponent(s), based on their ability to service the Board's requirements. Please note that the Board is the sole decision maker as to whether the Proponent(s) may successfully meet these requirements. All decisions are final. By submitting a Proposal, the Proponent agrees to have accepted the award process.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - YCDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026-10-P
Bid Name:
Supply, Installation and Maintenance Service of Sun Shade Umbrellas
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
60
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
York Catholic District School Board is seeking Proposals for
Supply, Installation and Maintenance Service of Sun Shade Umbrellas.
This RFP is an invitation from the the Board to prospective Proponents to submit Proposals for the provision of
Supply, Installation and Maintenance Service of Sun Shade Umbrellas
to support the Board, as further described in the RFP.  The objective is to establish a Vendor partnership that will allow the Board to purchase quality service at a competitive price, while improving management reporting and reducing material and administrative costs.
Proponents are invited to bid the competitive prices, including all delivery charges for which the Proponent is prepared to provide the services requested herein, in accordance with the guidelines expressed in the enclosed document.
The Board will determine the highest ranked Proponent(s), based on their ability to service the Board's requirements. Please note that the Board is the sole decision maker as to whether the Proponent(s) may successfully meet these requirements. All decisions are final. By submitting a Proposal, the Proponent agrees to have accepted the award process.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Recreation/Education
Paint (Field marking, ice paint, etc.)
Musical Instruments - Supplies
Arena & Stadium Supplies
Pool Supplies
Shop Tech Equipment & Supplies
Instructors
Science Equipment & Supplies
Playground Equipment
Court Surface Specialists
Musical Instruments - Repairs
Arena & Stadium Services
Bleachers/Stands
Sporting Goods
Sports Field Lighting
Outdoor Shades
Park Development
Fitness Equipment
Welding Equipment & Supplies
Ice Resurfacer
Blade Sharpening
Pool Services
Recreation Flooring / Restoration (Gym Floor, Rubberized, etc.)
Construction
Building & Renovation
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.