Title: Scoreboards (Indoor/Outdoor) Including Supply, Installation and Repair Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-08-31

Reference number: 24030

Bid type: Binding - Request for Supplier Qualifications

Description:
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS TO SUPPLIERS
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) hereby invites submissions to pre-qualify Vendors of Record for various scoreboard requirements for a term commencing approximately September 1, 2024 ending August 31, 2025.
Consideration will be given to renew the contract for five (5) separate one-year periods ending August 31, 2030. The DSBN will be pre-qualifying multiple Vendors.
Vendors that do not meet the original submission deadline are still eligible and encouraged to submit a proposal. Vendors may submit a Pre-qualification proposal at any time throughout the duration of the contract. Additional Vendor(s) will be added to the list as they are received and reviewed by DSBN staff.
The DSBN complies with the Broader Public Sector Directives (as directed by the Province of Ontario); and applicable trade agreements such as Ontario-Quebec Trade and Cooperation Agreement, Comprehensive Economic & Trade Agreement (CETA) and Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA).
RFSQ 24030 will be reposted under the same bid number numerous times throughout the duration of the contract period to keep the bid process open for addition to the prequalified list. Once a Proponent has been qualified to provide the services as described herein under Contract 24030 they do not need to respond to further postings of this same Contract number.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - DSBN
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Binding - Request for Supplier Qualifications
Bid Number:
24030
Bid Name:
Scoreboards (Indoor/Outdoor) Including Supply, Installation and Repair Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Aug 31, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS TO SUPPLIERS
The District School Board of Niagara (hereafter referred to as the DSBN) hereby invites submissions to pre-qualify Vendors of Record for various scoreboard requirements for a term commencing approximately September 1, 2024 ending August 31, 2025.
Consideration will be given to renew the contract for five (5) separate one-year periods ending August 31, 2030. The DSBN will be pre-qualifying multiple Vendors.
Vendors that do not meet the original submission deadline are still eligible and encouraged to submit a proposal. Vendors may submit a Pre-qualification proposal at any time throughout the duration of the contract. Additional Vendor(s) will be added to the list as they are received and reviewed by DSBN staff.
The DSBN complies with the Broader Public Sector Directives (as directed by the Province of Ontario); and applicable trade agreements such as Ontario-Quebec Trade and Cooperation Agreement, Comprehensive Economic & Trade Agreement (CETA) and Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA).
RFSQ 24030 will be reposted under the same bid number numerous times throughout the duration of the contract period to keep the bid process open for addition to the prequalified list. Once a Proponent has been qualified to provide the services as described herein under Contract 24030 they do not need to respond to further postings of this same Contract number.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.