Title: Consulting Services for Michell Bridge Replacement

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: RFP2026-7

Bid type: Request for Proposal

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City of Pickering (the “City”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for
Michell Bridge Replacement,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
To be eligible for award of this contract, the bidder must not be a U.S. Business.
“U.S. Business” means a supplier, manufacturer or distributor of any business structure (includes a sole proprietorship, corporation or other business structure) that:
has its headquarters or main office located in the United States, and
has no full-time employees in Canada at the time of the applicable procurement process.
Subsidiaries would be considered to have their headquarters or main office located in the United States where the business that controls them (its parent company) has its headquarters or main office in the United States.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Pickering
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal
Bid Number:
RFP2026-7
Bid Name:
Consulting Services for Michell Bridge Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon May 4, 2026 4:30 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 2:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 28, 2026 12:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the City of Pickering (the “City”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for
Michell Bridge Replacement,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
To be eligible for award of this contract, the bidder must not be a U.S. Business.
“U.S. Business” means a supplier, manufacturer or distributor of any business structure (includes a sole proprietorship, corporation or other business structure) that:
has its headquarters or main office located in the United States, and
has no full-time employees in Canada at the time of the applicable procurement process.
Subsidiaries would be considered to have their headquarters or main office located in the United States where the business that controls them (its parent company) has its headquarters or main office in the United States.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.