Title: Fire Services Master Plan

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-28

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: 2026-054-CP

Bid type: Request For Proposal

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by The Corporation of the City of Kawartha Lakes (“the City”) to prospective Proponents to submit proposals for RFP
2026-054-CP Fire Services Master Plan,
as further described in Appendix C of the RFP Particulars.
The City of Kawartha Lakes is seeking a qualified consultant to develop a comprehensive, integrated Fire Services Master Plan to guide long-term service delivery and infrastructure planning. The project includes preparation of a Fire Master Plan, updated Community Risk Assessment (CRA), and a Community Wildland Fire Protection Plan, all consolidated into a single cohesive document.
The Consultant will assess current fire services, identify gaps and opportunities, and provide evidence-based recommendations for stations, staffing, apparatus, and operations. The assignment also includes a growth-related analysis aligned with the City’s 2025 Growth Management Strategy, supporting Development Charges and long-term financial planning. All deliverables must be suitable for Council and public use and support informed municipal decision-making.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Kawartha Lakes
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request For Proposal
Bid Number:
2026-054-CP
Bid Name:
Fire Services Master Plan
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 28, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
14
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by The Corporation of the City of Kawartha Lakes (“the City”) to prospective Proponents to submit proposals for RFP
2026-054-CP Fire Services Master Plan,
as further described in Appendix C of the RFP Particulars.
The City of Kawartha Lakes is seeking a qualified consultant to develop a comprehensive, integrated Fire Services Master Plan to guide long-term service delivery and infrastructure planning. The project includes preparation of a Fire Master Plan, updated Community Risk Assessment (CRA), and a Community Wildland Fire Protection Plan, all consolidated into a single cohesive document.
The Consultant will assess current fire services, identify gaps and opportunities, and provide evidence-based recommendations for stations, staffing, apparatus, and operations. The assignment also includes a growth-related analysis aligned with the City’s 2025 Growth Management Strategy, supporting Development Charges and long-term financial planning. All deliverables must be suitable for Council and public use and support informed municipal decision-making.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.