Title: Consulting Engineering Services for AIWWTP Five Sites IO Upgrade Project (DAFT, HR, SCB1, SCB2 and DIG)

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: 26-0110

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The work includes replacing the existing ABB INFI90 control system with new ABB 800xA control system.
Proposals will only be considered from those Respondents advanced following Request for Qualification RFQ No. 25-280 – Annacis Island Wastewater Treatment Plant (AIWWTP) DAFT, SCB1, SCB2, Heat Recovery and Digester Industrial Control System (ICS) Input/Output Upgrade. The three (3) pre-qualified consultants (the “Proponents”) are (in alphabetical order):
InSynch Engineering
Stantec Consulting Ltd.
WSP Canada Inc.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Metro Vancouver
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-0110
Bid Name:
Consulting Engineering Services for AIWWTP Five Sites IO Upgrade Project (DAFT, HR, SCB1, SCB2 and DIG)
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The work includes replacing the existing ABB INFI90 control system with new ABB 800xA control system.
Proposals will only be considered from those Respondents advanced following Request for Qualification RFQ No. 25-280 – Annacis Island Wastewater Treatment Plant (AIWWTP) DAFT, SCB1, SCB2, Heat Recovery and Digester Industrial Control System (ICS) Input/Output Upgrade. The three (3) pre-qualified consultants (the “Proponents”) are (in alphabetical order):
InSynch Engineering
Stantec Consulting Ltd.
WSP Canada Inc.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.