Title: Kinosoo Main Gate Purchase and Install

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: RFP KRR-2026-002

Bid type: Request for Proposal (RFP)

Description:
MD of Bonnyville, Kinosoo Ridge Resort is inviting qualified contractors to submit proposals for the design, supply, and installation of a decorative cantilever-style main access gate. The gate will serve as a primary vehicle entrance for guests at our resort and must be durable, visually appealing, and compatible with remote access and safety requirements.
The successful proponent will be responsible for providing a turnkey solution, including but not limited to:
Site review and verification of dimensions and conditions
Design and fabrication of a decorative cantilever gate
Supply of all materials, hardware, and equipment
Installation of gate, track system, foundations, and operators
Integration of remote access and safety systems
Testing, commissioning, and staff orientation
Provision of as-built drawings and documentation

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - M.D. of Bonnyville
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request for Proposal (RFP)
Bid Number:
RFP KRR-2026-002
Bid Name:
Kinosoo Main Gate Purchase and Install
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 12:00:00 PM (MDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
MD of Bonnyville, Kinosoo Ridge Resort is inviting qualified contractors to submit proposals for the design, supply, and installation of a decorative cantilever-style main access gate. The gate will serve as a primary vehicle entrance for guests at our resort and must be durable, visually appealing, and compatible with remote access and safety requirements.
The successful proponent will be responsible for providing a turnkey solution, including but not limited to:
Site review and verification of dimensions and conditions
Design and fabrication of a decorative cantilever gate
Supply of all materials, hardware, and equipment
Installation of gate, track system, foundations, and operators
Integration of remote access and safety systems
Testing, commissioning, and staff orientation
Provision of as-built drawings and documentation
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Traffic Marking Paint
Traffic Counting
Supplies
Roadside Safety (Pylons, Barricades, etc.)
Services (crack sealing, pavement markings, etc.)
Street Cleaning
Streetlight supply & maintenance
Snow Removal
Landscaping & Forestry
Seeding
Mulch
Landscape & Forestry Supplies
Bedding Plants
Arborist
Sod
Tree planting
Grass Cutting
Fertilizer
Artificial Turf
Supplies & Services
Tree  Maintenance
Field Restoration
Arborist Consultation
Small Landscape Equipment (ex. Blowers, push mowers, weed wackers, etc.)
Interlocking Brick Maintenance
Property Maintenance
Top Soil
Turf Maintenance
Snow Removal
Horticultural Supplies
Building Structures & Land
Prefabricated
Thoroughfares
Portable Buildings
Land
Permanent Buildings
Parks
Facility Management
Concessions
Equipment & Supplies
Engineered Wood Fiber Surface
Security, Monitoring, Intrusion, Fire or Enforcement
Recreation/Education
Paint (Field marking, ice paint, etc.)
Musical Instruments - Supplies
Arena & Stadium Supplies
Pool Supplies
Shop Tech Equipment & Supplies
Instructors
Science Equipment & Supplies
Playground Equipment
Court Surface Specialists
Musical Instruments - Repairs
Arena & Stadium Services
Bleachers/Stands
Sporting Goods
Sports Field Lighting
Outdoor Shades
Park Development
Fitness Equipment
Welding Equipment & Supplies
Ice Resurfacer
Blade Sharpening
Pool Services
Recreation Flooring / Restoration (Gym Floor, Rubberized, etc.)
Parking
Meters/Pay Display
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.