Title: JMPC-2026-01: Interior Handrail Replacement

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Reference number: JMPC-2026-01

Bid type: Tender

Description:
The Corporation of the County of Lennox and Addington is requesting proposals from qualified contractors for the complete supply and replacement of all level one interior handrails at the John M. Parrott Centre, Long Term Care Home, located at 309 Bridge St West, Napanee, Ontario. This project involves supplying, removal of existing and installation of new handrails. We seek experienced contractors capable of delivering high-quality services to support the operational needs of our long-term care facility.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Lennox-Addington
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
JMPC-2026-01
Bid Name:
JMPC-2026-01: Interior Handrail Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu May 7, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Corporation of the County of Lennox and Addington is requesting proposals from qualified contractors for the complete supply and replacement of all level one interior handrails at the John M. Parrott Centre, Long Term Care Home, located at 309 Bridge St West, Napanee, Ontario. This project involves supplying, removal of existing and installation of new handrails. We seek experienced contractors capable of delivering high-quality services to support the operational needs of our long-term care facility.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Carpentry
Healthcare
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Building Materials
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.