Title: Merritt/Chestnut/Mountain St Road Reconstruction & Underground Improvements

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-06

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Reference number: P26-063

Bid type: Request for Tender (RFT)

Description:
The Corporation of the City of St. Catharines is inviting tenders for the supply and delivery of all labour, equipment, and materials necessary for the full road reconstruction and underground Improvements along Merritt Street, from Walnut Street to Glendale Avenue; Chestnut Street East from Merritt Street to Hastings Street and the extension of Chestnut Street from Hastings Street to Mountain Street; and a portion of Mountain Street from Glendale Avenue to Chestnut Street. Improvements will also be made to Chestnut Street West from Glengarry Road to the dead end. Work includes traffic signals, streetlights, pedestrian crossover improvements, pedestrian walkway / trail construction, retaining wall system installation, and the replacement of watermain and sanitary and storm sewers. Road reconstruction work includes replacing concrete curbs and gutters, sidewalks, asphalt pavement, street scaping and restoration.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - St Catharines
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Tender (RFT)
Bid Number:
P26-063
Bid Name:
Merritt/Chestnut/Mountain St Road Reconstruction & Underground Improvements
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 6, 2026 10:10:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 15, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Corporation of the City of St. Catharines is inviting tenders for the supply and delivery of all labour, equipment, and materials necessary for the full road reconstruction and underground Improvements along Merritt Street, from Walnut Street to Glendale Avenue; Chestnut Street East from Merritt Street to Hastings Street and the extension of Chestnut Street from Hastings Street to Mountain Street; and a portion of Mountain Street from Glendale Avenue to Chestnut Street. Improvements will also be made to Chestnut Street West from Glengarry Road to the dead end. Work includes traffic signals, streetlights, pedestrian crossover improvements, pedestrian walkway / trail construction, retaining wall system installation, and the replacement of watermain and sanitary and storm sewers. Road reconstruction work includes replacing concrete curbs and gutters, sidewalks, asphalt pavement, street scaping and restoration.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Infrastructure
Municipal Drains
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Landscaping & Forestry
Supplies & Services
Field Restoration
Water and Sewer
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Contracted Services
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.