Title: Ridge Road Heritage Trail Improvement

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: RFB-2026-4-5202

Bid type: Request for Bids

Description:
Repair of an approximately 330m long section of the Ridge Road Heritage Trail, Dawson City, YT
Community: Dawson City
Traditional Territory:
Trʼondëk Hwëchʼin

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Yukon
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Bids
Bid Number:
RFB-2026-4-5202
Bid Name:
Ridge Road Heritage Trail Improvement
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 4:00:00 PM (YST)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 28, 2026 12:00:00 PM (YST)
Duration in months:
5
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Repair of an approximately 330m long section of the Ridge Road Heritage Trail, Dawson City, YT
Community: Dawson City
Traditional Territory:
Trʼondëk Hwëchʼin
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
None
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Aggregates
Granular Materials
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Building Structures & Land
Land
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.