Title: Supply and Delivery of Unleaded Gasoline, Diesel Fuel and DEF Fluid

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-06-09

Reference number: 26-T25

Bid type: Tenders

Description:
This tender is for the supply and delivery of Unleaded Gasoline (
E-10 Ethanol Blended and Premium/Super/High Test types)
, Diesel Fuel and bulk Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF) to the City of Cornwall’s Municipal Works Yard, Cornwall Transit and Marina 200 locations, “as required” for a two-year period commencing August 1, 2026 until July 31, 2028, with the possibility of two additional one-year extensions. Suppliers shall note that all three fueling stations are an above ground tank system.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Cornwall
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Tenders
Bid Number:
26-T25
Bid Name:
Supply and Delivery of Unleaded Gasoline, Diesel Fuel and DEF Fluid
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 1:00:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 9, 2026 11:00:59 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 27, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Office of the Purchasing Supervisor, 100 Water Street East, Suite 104, Cornwall, Ontario, K6H 6G4
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This tender is for the supply and delivery of Unleaded Gasoline (
E-10 Ethanol Blended and Premium/Super/High Test types)
, Diesel Fuel and bulk Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF) to the City of Cornwall’s Municipal Works Yard, Cornwall Transit and Marina 200 locations, “as required” for a two-year period commencing August 1, 2026 until July 31, 2028, with the possibility of two additional one-year extensions.  Suppliers shall note that all three fueling stations are an above ground tank system.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Chemicals & Fuel
Fuel Pumps/ Fuel Management
Fuel/ Propane/Diesel/Gas/ Lubricants
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.