Title: Bids and Tenders - Camden

Status: :

Reference number: RFP 26-04

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of Camden (the “Local Unit”) is seeking Proposals from solar development firms, also referred to herein as “Respondents,” to serve as the solar provider in a Community Solar Energy Program (“CSEP”) to serve The City of Camden residents, who will be automatically enrolled into the CSEP and receive credits on their electricity costs according to
N.J.A.C. 14:8-9.
The Community Solar Energy Program, administered by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (“NJBPU”), enables utility customers to participate in a solar energy project that is remotely located from their property. Per
N.J.A.C. 14:8-9.6(l)
, local governments are also permitted to create and manage “municipal community solar automatic enrollment projects”, in which the Local Unit will identify and enroll LMI subscribers who reside within the municipality for the projects without affirmative consent of the customer. As opposed to affirmative consent, subscribers are given the opportunity to “opt-out” before being automatically enrolled. To serve these residents, the Local Unit must subscribe them to a CSEP-eligible solar project to generate Community Solar credits to be provided to the residents in the form of discounts on their electricity costs.
[1]
[1]
https://cleanenergy.nj.gov/programs/solar/community-solar-energy-program-csep

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Camden
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
RFP 26-04
Bid Name:
FOR A SOLAR ENERGY PROJECT DEVELOPER TO DEVELOP A MUNICIPAL COMMUNITY SOLAR AUTOMATIC ENROLLMENT PROJECT AND TO ENTER INTO A MAIN SERVICES AGREEMENT WITH THE CITY OF CAMDEN
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 1:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 11:59 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
Yes
Public Opening Address:
Camden City Hall, City Council Chambers, Second Floor, City Hall, 520 Market Street, Camden, New Jersey, 08102
Description:
The City of Camden (the “Local Unit”) is seeking Proposals from solar development firms, also referred to herein as “Respondents,” to serve as the solar provider in a Community Solar Energy Program (“CSEP”) to serve The City of Camden residents, who will be automatically enrolled into the CSEP and receive credits on their electricity costs according to
N.J.A.C. 14:8-9.
The Community Solar Energy Program, administered by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (“NJBPU”), enables utility customers to participate in a solar energy project that is remotely located from their property. Per
N.J.A.C. 14:8-9.6(l)
, local governments are also permitted to create and manage “municipal community solar automatic enrollment projects”, in which the Local Unit will identify and enroll LMI subscribers who reside within the municipality for the projects without affirmative consent of the customer. As opposed to affirmative consent, subscribers are given the opportunity to “opt-out” before being automatically enrolled. To serve these residents, the Local Unit must subscribe them to a CSEP-eligible solar project to generate Community Solar credits to be provided to the residents in the form of discounts on their electricity costs.
[1]
[1]
https://cleanenergy.nj.gov/programs/solar/community-solar-energy-program-csep
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Local Vendor
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Energy
Public Relations
Professional, Strategic, Administrative or Management Services
Other
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no registered plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.