Title: Bus Stop Pads 2026 Program

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: 32

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
This request for quotation is for the installation of concrete shelter and bus stop pads throughout the city.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - London Transit
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
32
Bid Name:
Bus Stop Pads 2026 Program
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 11:00:59 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
450 Highbury Ave. N. London, ON. N5W 5L2
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This request for quotation is for the installation of concrete shelter and bus stop pads throughout the city.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Transit and Transportation
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Transit Operations
Equipment & Supplies
Taxi, WheelTrans, Specialty Transport
Operations & Maintenance
Fleet Mechanical, electrical, structural
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.