Title: Wayne Gretzky Reservoir & Pumping Station Building Envelope and Roof Replacement

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: 2026-30

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by the City of Brantford (the “City”) to prospective respondents to submit non-binding quotations for exterior rehabilitation and roof replacement at the Wayne Gretsky Reservoir and Pumping Station, as further described in Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Brantford
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
2026-30
Bid Name:
Wayne Gretzky Reservoir & Pumping Station Building Envelope and Roof Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 15, 2026 8:30 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 3:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 3:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Pricing:
$42.77 - Download Only
Duration in months:
3
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Quotations (the “RFQ”) is an invitation by the City of Brantford (the “City”) to prospective respondents to submit non-binding quotations for exterior rehabilitation and roof replacement at the Wayne Gretsky Reservoir and Pumping Station, as further described in Section A of the RFQ Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation a document fee of $42.77
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Trade Services,  (Not Otherwise Classified)
Roofing and Siding
Water and Sewer
Well & Water Related Services
Construction
Building & Renovation
Remediation Services
Environmental Goods & Services
Pollution & Odour Control
Building Structures & Land
Permanent Buildings
Contracted Services
Site Meetings
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.