Title: Bids and Tenders - CSCMA

Status: :

Reference number: 2026-52

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
The Board is seeking bids from Mechanical Contractors for a mechanical system upgrades project. This project is to be completed at ÉÉC du Sacré-Coeur, 34 Miller Dr, Georgetown, ON L7G 5P7.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - CSCMA
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
2026-52
Bid Name:
Mechanical System Upgrades at ÉÉC du Sacré-Coeur, Georgetown
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 16, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed Apr 29, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Board is seeking bids from Mechanical Contractors for a mechanical system upgrades project. This project is to be completed at ÉÉC du Sacré-Coeur, 34 Miller Dr, Georgetown, ON L7G 5P7.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Trade Services
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Electrical
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.