Title: RFP TORONTO ISLAND PARK FLOOD AND EROSION MITIGATION PROJECT – DETAILED DESIGN DEVELOPMENT

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: 10044383

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Toronto and Region Conservation Authority (TRCA) is soliciting Proposals for Engineering Services to develop detailed designs and associated material in support of the Toronto Island Park Flood and Erosion Mitigation Project.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - TRCA
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
10044383
Bid Name:
RFP TORONTO ISLAND PARK FLOOD AND EROSION MITIGATION PROJECT – DETAILED DESIGN DEVELOPMENT
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon Apr 13, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
66
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Toronto and Region Conservation Authority (TRCA) is soliciting Proposals for Engineering Services to develop detailed designs and associated material in support of the Toronto Island Park Flood and Erosion Mitigation Project.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.