Title: Generator Maintenance

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Reference number: 26-34N

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Board invites Proposals from fully qualified Service Providers with the necessary qualifications, expertise, capability and resources for the inspection, testing and preventative maintenance services for emergency generators at various District locations.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - SD43
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
26-34N
Bid Name:
Generator Maintenance
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed May 6, 2026 9:35 AM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 5, 2026 3:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 28, 2026 3:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Board invites Proposals from fully qualified Service Providers with the necessary qualifications, expertise, capability and resources for the inspection, testing and preventative maintenance services for emergency generators at various District locations.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Services
Generator Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.