Title: Engineering Services for the Reconstruction of Guelph Street & Union Street, Fergus

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: 29-26

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Engineering services for the reconstruction of Guelph Street (approx. 1,400m) and Union Street (approx. 700m) in Fergus, ON. The project will include preliminary and detailed design, design alternatives, public consultation, acquiring all necessary approvals for the project, issued for tender documents, tender period assistance, issued for construction documents and engineering support during construction.
The construction portion of this project is anticipated to be issued as two (2) Tenders. The Township is currently forecasting the construction in 2027 & 2028, pending Council Approval and Permit acquisition.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Centre Wellington
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
29-26
Bid Name:
Engineering Services for the Reconstruction of Guelph Street & Union Street, Fergus
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 23, 2026 4:02:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
8
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Engineering services for the reconstruction of Guelph Street (approx. 1,400m) and Union Street (approx. 700m) in Fergus, ON. The project will include preliminary and detailed design, design alternatives, public consultation, acquiring all necessary approvals for the project, issued for tender documents, tender period assistance, issued for construction documents and engineering support during construction.
The construction portion of this project is anticipated to be issued as two (2) Tenders. The Township is currently forecasting the construction in 2027 & 2028, pending Council Approval and Permit acquisition.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.