Title: Food and Beverage Operation at Garden City Golf Course

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-22

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Reference number: 26-16-1

Bid type: Expression of Interest (EOI)

Description:
The Corporation of the City of St. Catharines (“the City”) is seeking Expressions of Interest from qualified food and beverage operators to provide services at Garden City Golf Course (“GCGC”), commencing in the 2027 golf season.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - St Catharines
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Expression of Interest (EOI)
Bid Number:
26-16-1
Bid Name:
Food and Beverage Operation at Garden City Golf Course
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Wed Apr 22, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 29, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 18, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Corporation of the City of St. Catharines (“the City”) is seeking Expressions of Interest from qualified food and beverage operators to provide services at Garden City Golf Course (“GCGC”), commencing in the 2027 golf season.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Food
Catering
Services
Other
Contracted Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.