Title: VPCC Elevator Modernization

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-11

Reference number: CS-04-2026

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Town of Ingersoll is currently seeking proposals from qualified, professional companies interested in modernizing the elevator at Victoria Park Community Centre. Each Proposal submitted must include a demonstrated understanding of the scope, project background and particulars of the services required as well as a clear statement as to the actual total price. Total price for this tender will be based on the specifications provided by F Shaw Management and Consulting Inc.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Ingersoll
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
CS-04-2026
Bid Name:
VPCC Elevator Modernization
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 11, 2026 11:00:00 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Town of Ingersoll is currently seeking proposals from qualified, professional companies interested in modernizing the elevator at Victoria Park Community Centre. Each Proposal submitted must include a demonstrated understanding of the scope, project background and particulars of the services required as well as a clear statement as to the actual total price. Total price for this tender will be based on the specifications provided by F Shaw Management and Consulting Inc.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Services
Cleaning
Generator Equipment
Pest Control
Mats & Linens
Industrial Cleaning
Graffiti Removal
Sprinkler System
Window Cleaning
Security & Monitoring
Fencing
Overhead Door
Elevator
Parking Lighting Maintenance
Movers & Storage
Production & Manufacturing Services
Locksmith
Building Automation
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Building Structures & Land
Land
Parks
Equipment & Supplies
Equipment
Parks & Landscaping
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.