Title: RFQ - Aquatic Centre Roof Replacement

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: CVRD-26-014

Bid type: RF Quotations

Description:
The Comox Valley Regional District (CVRD) is seeking quotations from qualified contractors for the replacement of roofing, flashings, skylights and gutters at the Comox Valley Aquatic Centre, located at 377 Lerwick Road, Courtenay, BC.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - CVRD
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RF Quotations
Bid Number:
CVRD-26-014
Bid Name:
RFQ - Aquatic Centre Roof Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 12:00 PM (PDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Comox Valley Regional District (CVRD) is seeking quotations from qualified contractors for the replacement of roofing, flashings, skylights and gutters at the Comox Valley Aquatic Centre, located at 377 Lerwick Road, Courtenay, BC.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
Restoration Services
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.