Title: Lube Piping System - Fleet Repair Facility

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: 26-21

Bid type: RFB

Description:
SCOPE OF WORK DESCRIPTION:
The scope of work for this Project shall include, but not be limited to contracts for:
Contract #: Contract 26-21 #2216
Description: Garage Lube Piping System
COMPLETION TIME: August 6th, 2027.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Bloomington
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFB
Bid Number:
26-21
Bid Name:
Lube Piping System - Fleet Repair Facility
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 16, 2026 11:00 AM (CDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 11:00 AM (CDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 5:00 PM (CDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
SCOPE OF WORK DESCRIPTION:
The scope of work for this Project shall include, but not be limited to contracts for:
Contract #: Contract 26-21 #2216
Description: Garage Lube Piping System
COMPLETION TIME: August 6th, 2027.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no registered plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.