Title: Renovation at Northeast Side of Finance Department at Second Floor at Brampton City Hall

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: T2026-164

Bid type: Tender

Description:
The objective of this Bid call is to invite prequalified Contractors to bid on the renovation of Renovation at Northeast Side of Finance Department at Brampton City Hall.
To reconfigure the northeast side of City Hall 2
nd
floor to accommodate an enclosed dedicated for the Budget Office. Strong corporate governance within the budget office necessitate an enclosed and secure space to ensure confidentiality and protect sensitive information. Scope to include new standard workstations, new partition walls, automatic doors with card readers and push-buttons along with CCTV for added security.
Substantial completion of work shall be by September 30, 2026

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Brampton
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
T2026-164
Bid Name:
Renovation at Northeast Side of Finance Department at Second Floor at Brampton City Hall
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 20, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
4
Negotiation Type:
Not Applicable
Condition for Participation:
Invitation to Prequalified Bidders or Roster
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The objective of this Bid call is to invite prequalified Contractors to bid on the renovation of  Renovation at Northeast Side of Finance Department at Brampton City Hall.
To reconfigure the northeast side of City Hall 2
nd
floor to accommodate an enclosed dedicated for the Budget Office. Strong corporate governance within the budget office necessitate an enclosed and secure space to ensure confidentiality and protect sensitive information. Scope to include new standard workstations, new partition walls, automatic doors with card readers and push-buttons along with CCTV for added security.
Substantial completion of work shall be by September 30, 2026
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
The City of Brampton, 2 Wellington Street West, Brampton, ON L6Y 4R2