Title: Part A: Inspection and Certification of Fire Sprinkler Systems and Part B: Inspection, Testing, and Maintenance of Fire Extinguishers and Fire Hoses and Part C: Inspection and Certification of Fire Panel and Emergency Lighting Systems

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Reference number: T26-015

Bid type: Tender

Description:
***
Only Online Submissions will be Accepted for this Tender***

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Vaughan
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click here
to return to the main screen.
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Tender
Bid Number:
T26-015
Bid Name:
Part A: Inspection and Certification of Fire Sprinkler Systems and Part B: Inspection, Testing, and Maintenance of Fire Extinguishers and Fire Hoses and Part C: Inspection and Certification of Fire Panel and Emergency Lighting Systems
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 10:15:00 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Fri May 22, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 5, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Pricing:
$50.00 - Download Only
Duration in months:
48
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
***
Only Online Submissions will be Accepted for this Tender***
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation a document fee of $50.00
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Fire Services
Supplies
Sprinkler System
Fire Protection Equipment (Nozzles, Fire extinguisher, props, etc.)
Fire and Intrusion System
Maintenance
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.