Title: COLLECTION OF SOLID WASTE AND RECYCLABLE MATERIALS

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-16

Reference number: BID 26-05

Bid type: Bids

Description:
The City of Camden is soliciting Bid Proposals from companies interested in providing Solid Waste and Recyclable Materials Collection services
from within the territorial and geographical boundaries
of the City.
This bid is for a period of
three (3) years to commence on January 1, 2027 and end on December 31, 2029 with the City having the option to renew the Contract for two (2) additional one (1) year periods
.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Camden
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Bids
Bid Number:
BID 26-05
Bid Name:
COLLECTION OF SOLID WASTE AND RECYCLABLE MATERIALS
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 16, 2026 11:00 AM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 4, 2026 4:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
CAMDEN CITY HALL, C/O PURCHASING AGENT, 520 MARKET STREET, ROOM 105, CAMDEN, NEW JERSEY  08102
Public Opening:
Yes
Public Opening Address:
Camden City Hall, City Council Chambers, Second Floor, City Hall, 520 Market Street, Camden, New Jersey, 08102
Description:
The City of Camden is soliciting Bid Proposals from companies interested in providing Solid Waste and Recyclable Materials Collection services
from within the territorial and geographical boundaries
of the City.
This bid is for a period of
three (3) years to commence on January 1, 2027 and end on December 31, 2029 with the City having the option to renew the Contract for two (2) additional one (1) year periods
.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Environmental Goods & Services
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Local Vendor
Other
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no registered plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.