Title: 2026 Peer Review of Carruthers Creek Hydrology Model

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-19

Reference number: 10044956

Bid type: RFP

Description:
Toronto and Region Conservation Authority (“TRCA”) is seeking
the services of a consulting engineering firm to perform a peer review of the recent Carruthers Creek hydrology model to confirm the defensibility and validity of the model. This encompasses a review of model parameterization, calibration and verification and the applicability of the model for it's purposes.
The previous hydrology model completed in 2011 by Cole Engineering Group Ltd focused on updating the model for the existing 2008 landuse conditions. Since then, the total number of gauges interspersed within the watershed increased to four (4), providing improved opportunity for calibration and validation of model conditions. As such, TRCA retained Aquafor Beech to update the existing hydrology model for Carruthers Creek watershed, to estimate peak flows from the 2- to 350-year Design storms and Regional storm, under existing and future landuse conditions. Following the completion of model development, calibration and validation, the model shall be peer reviewed to ensure its validity and defensibility, as the model results will be used in hydraulic modelling to delineate regulatory floodlines within the watershed.
The timeline for the review is 2 months, with the following major deliverables:
Draft letter outlining findings related to model parameterisation, calibration and verification.
Final letter addressing comments and outlining recommendation.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - TRCA
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
10044956
Bid Name:
2026 Peer Review of Carruthers Creek Hydrology Model
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Fri Jun 19, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 29, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
2
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Toronto and Region Conservation Authority (“TRCA”) is seeking
the services of a consulting engineering firm to perform a peer review of the recent Carruthers Creek hydrology model to confirm the defensibility and validity of the model. This encompasses a review of model parameterization, calibration and verification and the applicability of the model for it's purposes.
The previous hydrology model completed in 2011 by Cole Engineering Group Ltd focused on updating the model for the existing 2008 landuse conditions. Since then, the total number of gauges interspersed within the watershed increased to four (4), providing improved opportunity for calibration and validation of model conditions. As such, TRCA retained Aquafor Beech to update the existing hydrology model for Carruthers Creek watershed, to estimate peak flows from the 2- to 350-year Design storms and Regional storm, under existing and future landuse conditions. Following the completion of model development, calibration and validation, the model shall be peer reviewed to ensure its validity and defensibility, as the model results will be used in hydraulic modelling to delineate regulatory floodlines within the watershed.
The timeline for the review is 2 months, with the following major deliverables:
Draft letter outlining findings related to model parameterisation, calibration and verification.
Final letter addressing comments and outlining recommendation.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.