Title: New standby generator at (RDPS) Region of Durham Paramedic Services Oshawa South, 497 Bloor Street East, Oshawa

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: T-1005-2026

Bid type: RFT

Description:
New standby generator at (RDPS) Region of Durham Paramedic Services Oshawa South, 497 Bloor Street East, Oshawa

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Durham Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
T-1005-2026
Bid Name:
New standby generator at (RDPS) Region of Durham Paramedic Services Oshawa South, 497 Bloor Street East, Oshawa
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 1, 2026 1:40:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 19, 2026 5:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
11
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
In order to support Canadian companies and Canadian jobs, while developing longer term alternatives to diversify our supply chain, the Region of Durham is not awarding contracts to U.S. Businesses. Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
New standby generator at (RDPS) Region of Durham Paramedic Services Oshawa South, 497 Bloor Street East, Oshawa
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Services
Generator Equipment
Trade Services
Electrical
Meeting locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for this bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan takers
The following are the plan takers for this bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.