Title: Maidstone Avenue Reconstruction

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Reference number: RFT-ID-26-006

Bid type: Request for Tender

Description:
The project includes the furnishing of all labour, supervision, plant, and materials necessary to
carry out the following work:
a) the replacement of existing watermain and water services
b) the replacement of existing storm sewer and connections
b) road reconstruction
d) traffic signals and streetlights
e) all as shown on the Contract Drawings and described thereinafter

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Town of Essex
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Tender
Bid Number:
RFT-ID-26-006
Bid Name:
Maidstone Avenue Reconstruction
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 29, 2026 4:30:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Hard Copy Submissions Only
Submission Address:
33 Talbot Street South, Essex, Ontario
Public Opening:
Yes
Public Opening Address:
33 Talbot Street South, Essex, Ontario
Description:
The project includes the furnishing of all labour, supervision, plant, and materials necessary to
carry out the following work:
a) the replacement of existing watermain and water services
b) the replacement of existing storm sewer and connections
b) road reconstruction
d) traffic signals and streetlights
e) all as shown on the Contract Drawings and described thereinafter
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Documents Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.