Title: F18_2026-026 One Tandem Axle Snow Plow

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: F18_2026-026

Bid type: RFQ

Description:
Township of Severn is looking to purchase One (1) Tandem Axle Plow/Sander Combination Truck.
What’s important to us.
Township of Severn is looking for credible providers who have the capability and experience to supply and deliver the new Tandem Axle Plow/Sander combination truck within a reasonable time frame.
Why should you bid?
This is an opportunity to provide Severn with your finely crafted automotive product. Through renewal of the Township of Severn’s fleet, you will empower our Public Works Department in providing effective and sustainable road operations.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Severn
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFQ
Bid Number:
F18_2026-026
Bid Name:
F18_2026-026 One Tandem Axle Snow Plow
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 12:00:59 PM (EDT)
Registration Deadline:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu Apr 30, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Township of Severn is looking to purchase One (1) Tandem Axle Plow/Sander Combination Truck.
What’s important to us.
Township of Severn is looking for credible providers who have the capability and experience to supply and deliver the new Tandem Axle Plow/Sander combination truck within a reasonable time frame.
Why should you bid?
This is an opportunity to provide Severn with your finely crafted automotive product. Through renewal of the Township of Severn’s fleet, you will empower our Public Works Department in providing effective and sustainable road operations.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Automotive
Lubricants
Watercraft
Graders
Loaders
Heavy Trucks
Trailers
Rental/Leasing Services
Tractor Implements
Emergency Vehicles
Off Road Equipment
Services
Supplies & Equipment
Excavators
Light Vehicles
Lawn and Farm Equipment
Fire Trucks
Construction
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.