Title: 2026 50th Street Improvements

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Reference number: 215-26081

Bid type: Issued for Bid

Description:
The 2026 50
th
Street Improvements project consists of approximately 19,200 square meters of roadway overlay including full width milling, paint markings and adjustment/replacement of catch basin and manhole frame and covers.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - SEC
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Issued for Bid
Bid Number:
215-26081
Bid Name:
2026 50th Street Improvements
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 28, 2026 2:00:00 PM (MDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 21, 2026 5:00:00 PM (MDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The 2026 50
th
Street Improvements project consists of approximately 19,200 square meters of roadway overlay including full width milling, paint markings and adjustment/replacement of catch basin and manhole frame and covers.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Traffic Marking Paint
Aggregates
Asphalt
Concrete
Equipment
Heavy Equipment
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Infrastructure
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.