Title: Request for Pre-Qualification for Traffic Signal Controller Units

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-08

Reference number: PRC005180

Bid type: RFPQ

Description:
The City is looking to qualify Suppliers to provide Traffic Signal Controller Units that will meet and support the current business and operational requirements along with potential future upgrades at signalized intersections for Transportation and Works Department, Traffic Signals and Systems Section.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Mississauga
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFPQ
Bid Number:
PRC005180
Bid Name:
Request for Pre-Qualification for Traffic Signal Controller Units
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu May 7, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 8, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed Jun 3, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City is looking to qualify Suppliers to provide Traffic Signal Controller Units that will meet and support the current business and operational requirements along with potential future upgrades at signalized intersections for Transportation and Works Department, Traffic Signals and Systems Section.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Roads - Maintenance, Services and Traffic
Traffic Counting
Streetlight supply & maintenance
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.