Title: Security Services - Transit Terminal

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Reference number: 2026CDE-CS-TR-02-P

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The Corporation of the City of Sault Ste. Marie seeks proposals from qualified firms for the provision of Security Services for the Transit Terminal ( in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario; for a period of three (3) years, commencing August 1, 2026. Agreement may be extended for two (2) additional 1-year terms by mutual agreement.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Sault Ste. Marie
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026CDE-CS-TR-02-P
Bid Name:
Security Services - Transit Terminal
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 13, 2026 3:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 1, 2026 4:00:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Corporation of the City of Sault Ste. Marie seeks proposals from qualified firms for the provision of Security Services for the Transit Terminal ( in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario; for a period of three (3) years, commencing August 1, 2026.  Agreement may be extended for two (2) additional 1-year terms by mutual agreement.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Services
Security & Monitoring
Law, Enforcement & Security
Security & Safety Services
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.