Title: Material Recovery Center Diversion and Sale of Scrap Metal

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: RFQ 26-0091

Bid type: Sale

Description:
The City of Saskatoon is seeking to establish a service contract with a qualified recycling Contractor for the diversion and sale of scrap metal collected at the Material Recovery Center (MRC). All scrap metal sold must be recycled and/or reused. Collection for any purpose other than recycling or reuse is strictly prohibited.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Saskatoon
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
Sale
Bid Number:
RFQ 26-0091
Bid Name:
Material Recovery Center Diversion and Sale of Scrap Metal
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:59 PM (CST)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 8, 2026 2:00:00 PM (CST)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Saskatoon is seeking to establish a service contract with a qualified recycling Contractor for the diversion and sale of scrap metal collected at the Material Recovery Center (MRC). All scrap metal sold must be recycled and/or reused. Collection for any purpose other than recycling or reuse is strictly prohibited.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Environmental Goods & Services
Waste Disposal / Recycling
Landfill
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.