Title: Steveston Highway Multi-Use Pathway from Shell Road to Steveston Interchange

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Reference number: 8508P

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City of Richmond (the “
City
”) is proposing to engage a Contractor to provide construction services to construct approximately 1,000m of multi-use path and related drainage and lighting improvements on Steveston Highway from Shell Road to Steveston Interchange (the “
Project
”), as described in the Contract Documents.
This project is partially funded through external grants. A portion of the Work must be completed prior to December 31, 2026. To fulfill this requirement, the contractor is to ensure that $3,400,000 of the total Work be completed on or before this date.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Richmond
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
8508P
Bid Name:
Steveston Highway Multi-Use Pathway from Shell Road to Steveston Interchange
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu Jun 4, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Question Deadline:
Fri May 22, 2026 12:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City of Richmond (the “
City
”) is proposing to engage a Contractor to provide construction services to construct approximately 1,000m of multi-use path and related drainage and lighting improvements on Steveston Highway from Shell Road to Steveston Interchange (the “
Project
”), as described in the Contract Documents.
This project is partially funded through external grants. A portion of the Work must be completed prior to December 31, 2026. To fulfill this requirement, the contractor is to ensure that $3,400,000 of the total Work be completed on or before this date.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.