Title: Tecumseth South Central Public School - Siporex Repairs PH 1

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: 2026-13861T

Bid type: RFT

Description:
2026-13861T - Tecumseth South Central Public School - Siporex Repairs PH 1
Complete temporary removal of CGS & associated tiles to access ceiling space and re-support all mechanical, electrical, CGS, and accessories from Siporex deck to new structural support system.
“Please refer to the Instructions to Bidders document for more information."
"Please be advised that only registered plan takers may submit questions relating to this work. Any/all subcontractors must deal directly with the invited General Contractors. All questions must be submitted through the bid portal."

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - SCDSB
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
2026-13861T
Bid Name:
Tecumseth South Central Public School - Siporex Repairs PH 1
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 4:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 1:30 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 11, 2026 12:00 PM (EDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
2026-13861T - Tecumseth South Central Public School - Siporex Repairs PH 1
Complete temporary removal of CGS & associated tiles to access ceiling space and re-support all mechanical, electrical, CGS, and accessories from Siporex deck to new structural support system.
“Please refer to the Instructions to Bidders document for more information."
"Please be advised that only registered plan takers may submit questions relating to this work. Any/all subcontractors must deal directly with the invited General Contractors.  All questions must be submitted through the bid portal."
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.