Title: Iroquois Wastewater Treatment Plant Digester Roof Replacement

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: WW26-05

Bid type: RTF

Description:
The Municipality of South Dundas invites Request for Tender (RFT) submissions from General Contractors (proponents) for the replacement of the existing roof at the Iroquois Wastewater Treatment Plant Digester Building Roof at 109000 Golf Club Road Iroquois Ontario. The work includes the removal/disposal of the existing digester roof. Then reconstruction of the new digester roof outlined within the attached Tender Documents.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - South Dundas
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RTF
Bid Number:
WW26-05
Bid Name:
Iroquois Wastewater Treatment Plant Digester Roof Replacement
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 12:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
5
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The Municipality of South Dundas invites Request for Tender (RFT) submissions from General Contractors (proponents) for the replacement of the existing roof at the Iroquois Wastewater Treatment Plant Digester Building Roof at 109000 Golf Club Road Iroquois Ontario. The work includes the removal/disposal of the existing digester roof. Then reconstruction of the new digester roof outlined within the attached Tender Documents.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Please refer to Tender Description or Tender Documents
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Construction
Building & Renovation
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Demolition
Trade Services
Carpentry
Roofing and Siding
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.