Title: Overhead Doors, Gates, and Arms Preventative and On Demand Maintenance and Repair Services

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: 2026-T-43

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) on behalf of the Niagara Public Purchasing Committee (“NPPC”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Overhead Doors, Gates, and Arms Preventative and On Demand Maintenance and Repair Services,
as further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
The objective of this Request for Tender (RFT) is to retain a qualified Contractor to provide Scheduled Preventative Maintenance Services and Demand Repair Services for overhead doors, gates, and barrier arms located across all participating municipalities. The successful Contractor will be responsible for delivering reliable, timely, and compliant maintenance and repair services to ensure safe operation, regulatory adherence, optimal performance, and extended lifecycle of all covered equipment.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2026-T-43
Bid Name:
Overhead Doors, Gates, and Arms Preventative and On Demand Maintenance and Repair Services
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Thu Apr 23, 2026 11:30:59 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 7, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Lead Agency
The Regional Municipality of Niagara
Number Of Agencies
9
Participating Agencies
City of Niagara Falls, City of Port Colborne, City of St. Catharines ,City of Thorold , City of Welland, Niagara College, Town of Fort Erie, Town of Lincoln, Town of Pelham
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) on behalf of the Niagara Public Purchasing Committee (“NPPC”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Overhead Doors, Gates, and Arms Preventative and On Demand Maintenance and Repair Services,
as further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
The objective of this Request for Tender (RFT) is to retain a qualified Contractor to provide Scheduled Preventative Maintenance Services and Demand Repair Services for overhead doors, gates, and barrier arms located across all participating municipalities.  The successful Contractor will be responsible for delivering reliable, timely, and compliant maintenance and repair services to ensure safe operation, regulatory adherence, optimal performance, and extended lifecycle of all covered equipment.
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Building Operation Supplies and Equipment - ONLY
Lighting
Electrical
Janitorial
Air Filters
Doors/Windows/Locks
Fabricated
Plumbing
Window Coverings
Cabinets
Paint
Building Materials
Flooring
Appliances
Hardware
Building Services
Cleaning
Generator Equipment
Pest Control
Mats & Linens
Industrial Cleaning
Graffiti Removal
Sprinkler System
Window Cleaning
Security & Monitoring
Fencing
Overhead Door
Elevator
Parking Lighting Maintenance
Movers & Storage
Production & Manufacturing Services
Locksmith
Building Automation
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.