Title: Pre-Fabricated Attendant Shelter Design-Build RFP

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Reference number: R26-232

Bid type: Request for Proposals

Description:
Summary:
Through this Request for Proposals, the Regional District of Central Okanagan invites Proposals from organizations that are experienced in the design, manufacture, and installation of attendant booths at municipal waste depots or similar, for the supply of such design services and work as part of the District’s project to replace the Attendant Shelter at its Asquith Road Waste Transfer Station located at 2640 Asquith Road, West Kelowna, BC.
The Design Services and Work for this project, that the District intends to award to the successful Respondent from this RFP, can be summarized as follows:
Design, manufacture and installation of new 10ft x 30ft pre-fabricated attendant shelter
Installation of foundations
Electrical and utility connections
Total Completion of all Work (‘Ready for Takeover’) to be achieved no later than November 15, 2026
District’s Maximum Budget for all Design Services and Work is $200,000 plus GST.
The successful Respondent from this RFP will perform the Design Services and Work (including supply of equipment/Products, installation, and associated construction works) under the CCDC14 Design-Build Stipulated Price Contract. The Design Services will be based on the successful Respondent’s Proposal to this RFP process.
Further details on the requirements and how to submit a proposal are contained in the attached RFP Documents.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - RDCO
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
Request for Proposals
Bid Number:
R26-232
Bid Name:
Pre-Fabricated Attendant Shelter Design-Build RFP
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 17, 2026 5:00:00 PM (PDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 14, 2026 2:00:00 PM (PDT)
Duration in months:
6
Negotiation Type:
Refer to RFP document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to RFP document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Summary:
Through this Request for Proposals, the Regional District of Central Okanagan invites Proposals from organizations that are experienced in the design, manufacture, and installation of attendant booths at municipal waste depots or similar, for the supply of such design services and work as part of the District’s project to replace the Attendant Shelter at its Asquith Road Waste Transfer Station located at 2640 Asquith Road, West Kelowna, BC.
The Design Services and Work for this project, that the District intends to award to the successful Respondent from this RFP, can be summarized as follows:
Design, manufacture and installation of new 10ft x 30ft pre-fabricated attendant shelter
Installation of foundations
Electrical and utility connections
Total Completion of all Work (‘Ready for Takeover’) to be achieved no later than November 15, 2026
District’s Maximum Budget for all Design Services and Work is $200,000 plus GST.
The successful Respondent from this RFP will perform the Design Services and Work (including supply of equipment/Products, installation, and associated construction works) under the CCDC14 Design-Build Stipulated Price Contract.   The Design Services will be based on the successful Respondent’s Proposal to this RFP process.
Further details on the requirements and how to submit a proposal are contained in the attached RFP Documents.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
Heavy Construction - Earth Handling Equipment (Industrial)
Services
Supplies and Equipment
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.