Title: Electrical Energy Power Generation Equipment with Related Parts, Supplies, and Services

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-06-23

Reference number: RFP #062326

Bid type: RFP - General

Description:
Sourcewell,
a State of Minnesota local government unit and service cooperative,
is requesting proposals for Electrical Energy Power Generation Equipment with Related Parts, Supplies, and Services to result in a procurement solution for use by its Participating Entities. Sourcewell Participating Entities include thousands of governmental, higher education, K-12 education, nonprofit, tribal government, and other public agencies located in the United States and Canada.
Sourcewell encourages the use of Small, Minority-owned, Women’s Business Enterprise, Veteran-owned Business Enterprise (S/M/WBE/VBE) suppliers both as prime and subcontractors and encourages the participation of these suppliers in the solicitation process.
A full copy of the Request for Proposals can be found on the Sourcewell Procurement Portal [
https://proportal.sourcewell-mn.gov
]. Only proposals submitted through the Sourcewell Procurement Portal will be considered. Proposals are due no later than June 23, 2026, at
3:30 p.m. Central Time,
and l
ate proposals will not be considered.

FULL_TEXT:

Sourcewell Procurement Portal
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Click
here
to return to the Sourcewell Procurement Portal home page.
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP - General
Bid Number:
RFP #062326
Bid Name:
Electrical Energy Power Generation Equipment with Related Parts, Supplies, and Services
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Tue Jun 23, 2026 3:30:00 PM (CDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon Jun 15, 2026 4:30:00 PM (CDT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
Sourcewell,
a State of Minnesota local government unit and service cooperative,
is requesting proposals for Electrical Energy Power Generation Equipment with Related Parts, Supplies, and Services to result in a procurement solution for use by its Participating Entities. Sourcewell Participating Entities include thousands of governmental, higher education, K-12 education, nonprofit, tribal government, and other public agencies located in the United States and Canada.
Sourcewell encourages the use of Small, Minority-owned, Women’s Business Enterprise, Veteran-owned Business Enterprise (S/M/WBE/VBE) suppliers both as prime and subcontractors and encourages the participation of these suppliers in the solicitation process.
A full copy of the Request for Proposals can be found on the Sourcewell Procurement Portal [
https://proportal.sourcewell-mn.gov
]. Only proposals submitted through the Sourcewell Procurement Portal will be considered. Proposals are due no later than June 23, 2026, at
3:30 p.m. Central Time,
and l
ate proposals will not be considered.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
33531 - Electrical Equipment Manufacturing
335312 - Motor and Generator Manufacturing
33599 - All Other Electrical Equipment and Component Manufacturing
335999 - All Other Miscellaneous Electrical Equipment and Component Manufacturing
335991 - Carbon and Graphite Product Manufacturing
42361 - Electrical Apparatus and Equipment, Wiring Supplies, and Related Equipment Merchant Wholesalers
423610 - Electrical Apparatus and Equipment, Wiring Supplies, and Related Equipment Merchant Wholesalers
81131 - Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance
811310 - Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance
Meeting Locations
The following are the meeting times and locations for the opportunity:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.