Title: Heavy Rescue Fire Apparatus

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-13

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: RFT-26-307

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The supply and delivery of one (1) heavy rescue fire apparatus within 365 calendar days after the pre-construction meeting to the Burlington Fire Department Headquarters and pre-arranged with the Chief Mechanical Officer.
*ONLINE BID SUBMISSIONS ONLY*

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Burlington
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
RFT-26-307
Bid Name:
Heavy Rescue Fire Apparatus
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Mon Apr 13, 2026 10:00:59 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Tue May 12, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Pricing:
$70.80 - Download Only
Duration in months:
12
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The supply and delivery of one (1) heavy rescue fire apparatus within 365 calendar days after the pre-construction meeting to the Burlington Fire Department Headquarters and pre-arranged with the Chief Mechanical Officer.
*ONLINE BID SUBMISSIONS ONLY*
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).

								In addition, the agency fee of $70.80 must be paid.
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Automotive
Fire Trucks
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the Bid / Proposal Solicitation:
There are no plan takers for this Bid / Proposal Solicitation.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.