Title: Aldershot & Avonport Sewage Treatment Plant Screen Additions

Status: Open

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Reference number: 26-12

Bid type: RFT

Description:
The project has two Sewage Treatment Plant ("STP") locations: at the Aylesford and Hants Border Lagoon sites in the County of Kings, Nova Scotia.
The project generally involves the construction of two (2) screening buildings at these Sites, one (1) per Site. Site work includes but is not necessarily limited to the excavation, modification, and installation of new forcemain lines complete with valves; new sanitary lines to existing outlet manholes; as well as new electrical and freshwater service lines. The Work also includes the provision of all locates, building permits, as well as coordination with the Owner and their operations staff to keep facility operating during construction. Work within the newly constructed building include the supply and installation of all mechanical, electrical, and architectural features as well as the supply and installation of screen system at each location.

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - County of Kings
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFT
Bid Number:
26-12
Bid Name:
Aldershot & Avonport Sewage Treatment Plant Screen Additions
Bid Status:
Open
Bid Closing Date:
Thu May 21, 2026 2:00:00 PM (ADT)
Question Deadline:
Thu May 14, 2026 5:00:00 PM (ADT)
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The project has two Sewage Treatment Plant ("STP") locations: at the Aylesford and Hants Border Lagoon sites in the County of Kings, Nova Scotia.
The project generally involves the construction of two (2) screening buildings at these Sites, one (1) per Site. Site work includes but is not necessarily limited to the excavation, modification, and installation of new forcemain lines complete with valves; new sanitary lines to existing outlet manholes; as well as new electrical and freshwater service lines. The Work also includes the provision of all locates, building permits, as well as coordination with the Owner and their operations staff to keep facility operating during construction. Work within the newly constructed building include the supply and installation of all mechanical, electrical, and architectural features as well as the supply and installation of screen system at each location.
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. There is no cost to obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation.
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Flow Testing
Hydrant Painting
Well & Water Related Services
Cathodic Protection
Hydrant Inspections
CCTV Inspection
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Water Meters
Catch Basin Cleaning
Utility
Supplies
Services
Construction
Infrastructure (Traffic Signalization)
Affordable Housing
Parks, Trails & Landscape
Oil & Gas Pipe Construction
Roads, Bridge, Sidewalks
Drainage
Supplies (barricades, pylons, speed signs, etc.)
Infrastructure
Building & Renovation
Municipal Drains
Power Lines
Infrastructure (Wastewater)
Restoration Services
Remediation Services
Demolition
Heavy Duty Equipment
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the registered plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.