Title: Detailed Design of Bus Loop & Associated Upgrades at Cawthra Station

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Reference number: PRC005473

Bid type: RFP

Description:
The City is seeking detailed bids from qualified Engineering Consulting firms interested in acting as Prime Consultant in the provision of consulting, design, and construction administration services for the following:
PRC005473 -Detailed Design of Bus Loop & Associated Upgrades at Cawthra Station. Key objectives include but are not limited to:
I. Site investigation reports
II. Preliminary conceptual designs
III. 30%, 60%, 100% & IFC drawings
IV. Contract & construction specifications
V. Construction administration & inspection services
VI. Stakeholder management

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Mississauga
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Construction
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
PRC005473
Bid Name:
Detailed Design of Bus Loop & Associated Upgrades at Cawthra Station
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri Apr 24, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Wed May 27, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 20, 2026 2:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
24
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
The City is seeking detailed bids from qualified Engineering Consulting firms interested in acting as Prime Consultant in the provision of consulting, design, and construction administration services for the following:
PRC005473 -Detailed Design of Bus Loop & Associated Upgrades at Cawthra Station. Key objectives include but are not limited to:
I.           Site investigation reports
II.            Preliminary conceptual designs
III.            30%, 60%, 100% & IFC drawings
IV.            Contract & construction specifications
V.            Construction administration & inspection services
VI.            Stakeholder management
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Consulting Services - Professional Services
Administrative
Recreation
Real Estate
Management
Geotechnical
Training
Disaster & Emergency Management
Economic Development
Other
Auditing
Advertising/Marketing
Homestay Services
Human Resources
Architectural
Document Accessibility
Politics & Civil Affairs
Hazardous Materials
Roofing
Legal
Associations & Clubs
Occupational Hygiene/Industrial Hygiene
Energy
Auction
Insurance
Asbestos removal
Actuary
Public Relations
Writing & Translation
Planning
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Travel
Information Technology
Surveying (OLS/Legal)
Environmental Goods & Services
Consulting Services
Facilities, Redevelopment, Trades, Machinery, Construction, Architectural or Engineering
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.