Title: Avaya Phone License and System Support Agreement

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-08

Reference number: 2026-T-82

Bid type: Request For Tender

Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Avaya Phone License and System Support Agreement,
as further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Niagara Region
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Services Related To Goods
Bid Type:
Request For Tender
Bid Number:
2026-T-82
Bid Name:
Avaya Phone License and System Support Agreement
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Fri May 8, 2026 3:30:59 PM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Mon Jun 8, 2026 2:00:59 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Mon May 25, 2026 12:00:00 PM (EDT)
Duration in months:
36
Negotiation Type:
Refer to project document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to project document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Invitation to Tender (the “RFT”) is an invitation by the Regional Municipality of Niagara (“Niagara Region”) to prospective bidders to submit bids for
Avaya Phone License and System Support Agreement,
as further described in Section A of the RFT Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid document preview, bid opportunity, and award notices are available on the site free of charge. Suppliers are not required to register for a bid opportunity prior to previewing unsecured bid documents. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To download secured documents and/or to participate in this opportunity, you will need to have a subscription plan or buy Pay-Per-Bid access for this opportunity (available if you don't have an active subscription).
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Telecommunications
Data/Voice Cabling
Services
Supplies and Equipment
Long Distance
Cell Phones & Devices
Information Technology
Services
Computer Hardware
Computer Software
Maintenance - Other
Office/School Equipment, Accessories and Supplies
Services
Audio/Visual/Printing/Photography/Theatre
Services
Other
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
There are no plan takers for this bid.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.