Title: Supply of Primary Clarifier Equipment

Status: Open

Published date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Reference number: 2026-33

Bid type: RFP

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by City of Brantford (the “City”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the supply, delivery, installation and commissioning of the Primary Clarifiers 5/6 at the City of Brantford Wastewater Treatment Plant, located at 385 Mohawk St., Brantford
,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).

FULL_TEXT:

Bids and Tenders - Brantford
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Français
Bids Homepage
Find more bids
Create Account
Login
View Details
Return to the Bids Homepage
Bid Classification:
Goods
Bid Type:
RFP
Bid Number:
2026-33
Bid Name:
Supply of Primary Clarifier Equipment
Bid Status:
Open
Published Date:
Tue Apr 21, 2026 8:30 AM (EDT)
Bid Closing Date:
Tue May 19, 2026 3:00 PM (EDT)
Question Deadline:
Wed May 6, 2026 3:00 PM (EDT)
Bid Pricing:
$42.77 - Download Only
Duration in months:
9
Negotiation Type:
Refer to bid document
Condition for Participation:
Refer to bid document
Electronic Auctions:
Not Applicable
Language for Bid Submissions:
English unless specified in the bid document
Submission Type:
Online Submissions Only
Submission Address:
Online Submissions Only
Public Opening:
No
Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by City of Brantford (the “City”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the supply, delivery, installation and commissioning of the Primary Clarifiers 5/6 at the City of Brantford Wastewater Treatment Plant, located at 385 Mohawk St., Brantford
,
as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”).
Bid Document Access:
Bid Opportunity notices and awards and a free preview of the bid documents is available on this site free of charge without registration. Please note, some documents may be secured and you will be required to register for the bid to download and view the documents. To obtain an unsecured version of the document and /or to participate in this solicitation a document fee of $42.77
Trade Agreements:
Show Trade Agreements [+]
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Categories:
Show Categories [+]
Water and Sewer
Wastewater Treatment & Services
Water Treatment Chemicals Supplies & Services
Well & Water Related Services
New or Replacement Water/Sewer Lines
Site Meetings
The following are the meeting times and locations for the bid:
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
No Addenda Available ...
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.
Plan Takers
The following are the plan takers for the bid:
No Plan Takers ....
This information is only available to invited bidders and registered plan takers. To view this information you must login to your account.