Title: PD27TKP121 - TOC - PD27TKP121 - Forest Hydrology Services - TSO

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005021273

Solicitation Number: PD27TKP121 - TOC

Issuing Organization: BC Timber Sales

Solicitation Type: ITT - Invitation to Tender (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Contact name: Forests.OkanaganColumbiaTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

Contact email: Forests.OkanaganColumbiaTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

AI Overview:
A 3-year Option to Renew agreement is sought for forest hydrology consulting services and hydrological assessments of watersheds and basins for proposed timber sale licence developments, with potential renewal for up to two additional 12-month terms.

Description:
The proposed contract requires various forest hydrology consulting services and completion of hydrological assessments (surface and ground water) of watersheds and basins for proposed BCTS timber sale licence developments across the Okanagan-Columbia (TOC) Business Area. The primary focus for development-specific assessments will be located throughout the Okanagan Timber Supply Area, with the potential for additional projects in the Revelstoke and Golden Timber Supply Areas as necessary.
The solicitation is being offered as a 3-year Option to Renew agreement that may be renewed for up to two additional terms of 12 months each, up to a total of 3 terms, subject to mutual agreement between BC Timber Sales and the contractor.
The contract will require a qualified hydrology professional working in various field conditions including isolated areas. Hydrological assessments and reports will include but are not limited to cumulative effects of past and proposed development, ECA/seral stage evaluations, maps, hydrological risks of proposed development on surface water, ground water, and fish habitat, and mitigation recommendations.
The contract will also require general hydrology consulting services for hydrological screening reviews of the BCTS Operating Plan and to aid in the development of BCTS TOC Business Area-specific hydrological risk framework procedures and tools in close coordination with TOC staff.
Contract deliverables will be planned for completion throughout the fiscal year. Projects will be completed concurrently as per the work progress plan and schedules agreed to by BC Timber Sales and the contractor. Contract deliverables for the first fiscal year of the contract will be finalized through coordination with BCTS staff upon the hydrologist’s review of the BCTS Operating Plan. The work plan for up to 2 additional years will be determined at a later date, subject to operational priorities.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.