Title: CIC - 160105 - Secure On-site Document Destruction Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-522-34702496

Solicitation Number: CIC - 160105

Issuing Organization: Department of Citizenship & Immigration (IRCC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Contact name: Jasmin Gauthier

Contact email: 000000-0000

Contact phone: IRCC.BidsReceiving-Receptiondessoumissions.IRCC@cic.gc.ca

Description:
Reference number: 160105
Solicitation number: CIC-160105
Organization Name: Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada
Solicitation date: 2026-05-08
Closing date: 2026-06-02 02:00 PM Eastern Daylight Saving Time (EDT)
Anticipated start date: 2026-07-02
Contract duration:
The contract period will be for one (1) year plus two (2) additional option years.
Applicable trade agreements:
- Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
- Canada–Chile Free Trade Agreement
- Canada–Colombia Free Trade Agreement
- Canada–Honduras Free Trade Agreement
- Canada–Korea Free Trade Agreement
- Canada–Panama Free Trade Agreement
- Canada–Peru Free Trade Agreement
Comprehensive Land Claim agreement applies: No
Number of contract:
The process is intended to result in the award of one (1) contract. Bidder that obtain the lowest price will be recommended for contract award.
Requirement Details
Tendering Procedure: The solicitation will be competed on CanadaBuys through an open tender posted for a period of 25 calendar days.
Description of Work: Canada is seeking offers from Offerors to provide Secure On-site Document Destruction Services at various Immigration,
Refugees and Citizenship Canada’s offices in Sydney and New Waterford, Nova Scotia.
Security Requirement:
There are no security requirement associated with this requirement.
Contract Authority
Name: Jasmin Gauthier
Email Address: IRCC.BidsReceiving-Receptiondessoumissions.IRCC@cic.gc.ca
Inquiries
Inquiries regarding this request for proposals requirement must be submitted to the Contracting Authority named above.
Debriefing:
Offerors may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process.
Offerors should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen 25 calendar days of receipt of the results of the bid solicitation
process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone, or in person.
OFFERORS ARE ADVISED THAT “BUYANDSELL.GC.CA” IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS.
The Crown retains the right to negotiate with any supplier on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.