Title: RHP 2026-011 - Project: tender_21770 - Medical Physics Clinical Quality Lead, Radiation Treatment Program

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005024215

Solicitation Number: RHP 2026-011

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: EOI - Expression of Interest (Informal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Contact name: Amir Jafari

Contact email: amir.jafari@ontariohealth.ca

AI Overview:
Ontario Health is seeking expressions of interest for a Medical Physics Clinical Quality Lead position in the Radiation Treatment Program to provide leadership on quality improvement initiatives in a Communities of Practice environment.

Description:
Call for Expression of Interest
Ontario Health (OH) is seeking expressions of interest from qualified candidates for the position of Medical Physics Clinical Quality Lead, Radiation Treatment Program. The Medical Physics Clinical Quality Lead will provide leadership and advise on quality improvement initiatives and efforts in a Communities of Practice (COP) environment, in particular leading the widespread implementation of clinical practice guidelines for current and emerging care practices as well as contribute to the development of quality indicators. This opportunity is open to all qualified candidates.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/