Title: 228210 - Request for Expression of Interest for 9801 Kalamalka Rd Commercial Opportunity

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005007839

Solicitation Number: 228210

Issuing Organization: District of Coldstream

Solicitation Type: EOI - Expression of Interest (Informal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Contact name: operations and purchasing

Contact email: projectpurchasing@coldstream.ca

AI Overview:
Commercial businesses and developers are invited to submit concepts for the use of a property that will form part of a future Town Centre, with the goal of constructing and operating a commercial building.

Description:
The District of Coldstream invites Request for Expression of Interest (RFEI) submissions from commercial businesses or developers with expertise in commercial development or commercial operations, to submit concepts for the use of the property located at 9801 Kalamalka Road in Coldstream, BC.
The District would like to enter formal negotiations with the Respondent with the most suitable proposal with a goal of having the Respondent construct and operate a commercial building on a site currently owned by the District.
The property, located at 9801 Kalamalka Road, is the center of what the District envisions as a future Town Centre. It is located adjacent to the District’s municipal office and nearby commercial and industrial operations. The building is a single story, 1,030 square foot space with a charming stone façade. There is an iconic clock tower at the front of the property that must remain.
The property has recently been re-zoned from P1 (Civic One Zone) to C4 (Town Center Commercial).
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.