Title: Hanover Hotel Development Invitation to Participate | Request for Interest - Hanover Hotel Development Invitation to Participate | Request for Interest

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004997056

Solicitation Number: Hanover Hotel Development Invitation to Participate | Request for Interest

Issuing Organization: Town Of Hanover

Solicitation Type: EOI - Expression of Interest (Informal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-01

Contact name: April Marshall

Contact email: amarshall@hanover.ca

AI Overview:
A Request for Interest (RFI) is being sought from experienced hotel developers and operators to establish a modern hotel accommodation that supports business travel, tourism, community events, and regional activity.

Description:
The Town of Hanover invites experienced hotel developers and operators to submit a Request for Interest (RFI) for a proposed hotel development located at 294 2nd Street, Hanover, Ontario, within Grey County.
Hanover is seeking interest from proponents with proven experience in developing and/or operating high quality hotel accommodations that support business travel, tourism, community events, and regional activity. The Town is particularly interested in proposals that demonstrate:
A modern, market responsive hotel concept
Strong operational expertise and long-term viability
Alignment with local and regional economic drivers
A collaborative approach to planning, design, and development
Flexibility to evolve with market and community needs
The Town has acquired the proposed development site and is committed to working collaboratively with the selected proponent. The Town is prepared to consider flexibility (or options within the legislated planning process) with respect to types of use, zoning, site size, configuration, development phasing, and potential partnership structures to support a successful project outcome.
Mandatory Development Site Tours
As part of the RFI process, the Town will host mandatory, by appointment development site tours. Attendance at one site tour is required in order to be eligible to submit an RFI response.
Site Tour Registration
Interested proponents must register in advance. Please see the attached document for more information and the link to register.
Closing Date and Time
May 1, 2026 - 4:00pm
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
Town Of Hanover