Title: WS5265410688 - W684Q-263884 - Tree Trimming and Removal Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5265410688-Doc5668090657

Solicitation Number: WS5265410688

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFSO - Request for Standing Offer (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Publication date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Contact name: Yu, Daphne (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: daphne.yu@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Canada is seeking offers from Offerors to provide tree trimming and removal services to the Department of National Defence on an “as-and-when-requested” basis. Services will be performed at various locations in and around Greater Victoria, Nanaimo, and Nanoose Bay, British Columbia. The period of the Standing Offer (SO) will be 3 years from the date of issuance. This solicitation includes security requirements which will be identified, processed and validated at the Call-ups issuance stage.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.