Title: T-PDSTC-202602 - Request for Information (RFI) for Red Deer County, AB

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-466-19923649

Solicitation Number: T-PDSTC-202602

Issuing Organization: Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP)

Solicitation Type: RFI - Request for Information (Informal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-04-30

Contact name: NWR Leasing

Contact email: NWR_LEASING_MAILBOX@rcmp-grc.gc.ca

Description:
REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) for Alberta (T-PDSTC-202602)
The Government of Canada (GC) is seeking information on the availability of existing combined Office/Warehouse type of space for lease – fit-up to lease in
Red Deer County, AB (including Innisfail, AB and area within 75 km), that would be ready for occupancy upon completion of Departmental turn-key fit-up requirements.
Respondents must be able to meet the following criteria:
Prerequisite
Respondents must provide written confirmation that they have, or have been granted, authority to submit a response to this Request for Information and furthermore that they have the authority to negotiate the terms and conditions of any subsequent Lease, if one is offered.
If the Respondent is the Owner of the Premises, please provide confirmation that you are the Owner and that you agree to provide a valid Certificate of Title for the subject property in order to be considered for an Invitation to Tender process, if there is one.
Lease Components:
Initial lease term of Five (5) years, commencing on or about the completion of turn-key fit-up requirements.
Requirements:
1. The Landlord shall provide turn-key fit-up to meet GC departmental fit-up requirements.
2. Land and space estimated requirements –
• The overall Land and space size requirement is approximately 2,471.22 m2 (approximately 26,600 sq ft).
• The size requirement for the Building is approximately 1,542.0 m2
(approximately 16,598 sq ft). The building space requirement can be met through one large building or possibly over several smaller buildings, on the property.
3. Exterior space –
• Designated secure fenced compound used for vehicle storage and to conduct outdoor scenarios adjacent to the footprint of the interior space requirement.
• Vehicle storage area, if not paved, shall be prepared with, at minimum,
a compacted crushed gravel base, to a quality standard of a stamped
civil engineering design.
• Parking for up to 30 vehicles
• Exterior training area; approximately 929.03 m2 (approximately 10,000 sq ft)
• Separate area close by to be used as dog run.
2
RFI – Depot – T-PDSTC-202602.v4
4. Building requirement – a combination of office and warehousing-type of space. Other space is customized and/or specialized.*
The building is to be used as a Training Centre, with office area, classroom and a secure Lab, and will be operationally ready and user-accessible 24-hours per day, 365-days per year.
*The details will follow, if offered invited to tender.
5. Some space needed is typical commercial office space; other space is categorized as warehousing-type of space; still other space is customized and/or specialized.
6. Some interior space requirements* shall include, but not limited to:
• Office workstations – qty (10) - in compliance with Government of Canada Workplace Fit-up Standards (GCWFUS); approximately 46.45 m2 (approximately 500 sq ft)
• A classroom for 30 people; approximately 92.90 m2 (approximately 1,000 sq ft)
• A large open indoor training area to allow for general search scenarios; approximately 929.03 m2 (approximately 10,000 sq ft)
• A secure Lab for production and storage of HME (explosives); approximately 92.90 m2 (approximately 1,000 sq ft)
• General support spaces such as a breakroom, washrooms, student lockers and showers; approximately 102.19 m2 (approximately 1,100 sq ft)
• Various storage spaces, approximately 278.71 m2 (approximately 3,000 sq ft)
*The details will follow, if invited to tender.
7. Fire alarm system and sprinklers for the office/warehouse types of space.
8. The Lessor shall be responsible for funding the lease fit-up of the space and the exterior parking area. When, and if awarded, reconciliatory reimbursement shall be detailed within the Lease Agreement.
11. The Lessor shall be responsible for the design, supply and install of
all demountable furniture. “Demountable furniture” includes, but may not be
limited to, warehouse racking, office workstations, chairs, metal filing cabinets, movable shelving, hutches, dividers, and other such as these. Millwork shall not be confused with demountable furniture.
12. The Lessor shall be responsible for life-cycle repair and maintenance.
13. The Government of Canada (GC) shall act as both the Lessee and as the Technical Authority.
14. The Government of Canada project team shall be headed by the Departmental Representative who is responsible for providing final approval and who may consult or delegate authority to provide feedback, and/or review comments.
3
RFI – Depot – T-PDSTC-202602.v4
15. The Departmental Representative shall ensure that all Departmental specifications, quality and cost control measures are met.
16. Adjacent tenants to the leased GC-space is not desirable.
Asset Considerations
Respondents that can fulfill the above Requirement should also include if they meet any of the following Asset Considerations:
1. Secure fenced compound. Please detail if paved.
2. The building/site meets the pertinent National Building and Fire codes as well all provincial and/or municipal codes and/or regulations relating to the building and/or property.
3. The site and building meets current environmental standards and is not contaminated, has never been contaminated, nor contains asbestos.
This RFI is intended to identify existing space available to meet the above noted requirements. If you have existing space that has the capability of meeting most, or all of the aforementioned criteria, please identify what items already exist and if the capability to provide the remaining items within the existing space, is possible.
Information provided by the Owner or an Owner’s Agent shall include the location of the building, current zoning, specific location of space within the building, area of space and details pertaining to private/public parking facilities, if applicable. Agents submitting a response to this Request for Interest shall provide a letter from the Owner authorizing them to do so.
The Departmental Representative(s) may wish to visit site and/or inspect existing space, upon reasonable notice, to ascertain its suitability to meet the criteria listed in this RFI.
Security Requirement
If this RFI results in a future tender process, the building owners and/or agents of the proposed spaces may be requested to hold a valid security clearance. Clearance level will be determined on a case-by-case basis, dependent upon factors such as site visit frequency, required access, and other factors the GC Department may deem applicable.
Security clearance shall be issued by the RCMP and the RCMP only. Security clearance from PSPC, or any other type of federal government-issued security clearance, will not be considered.
Not a Solicitation Process
Note that this is not a tender process, nor a request for proposals, but only an inquiry as to the availability of space to lease.
4
RFI – Depot – T-PDSTC-202602.v4
The GC will not necessarily invite offers or lease any space. The GC may issue an Invitation to Tender for this possible leasing requirement or other leasing requirements based on information it receives as a result of this advertisement or based on any other information that may come to its attention prior to the closing date of the Request for Information; or it may invite offers by way of public tender.
The GC reserves the right to proceed with an invitation to Offer to Lease by inviting only parties deemed to most effectively meet specific operational, security and public safety requirements.
Respondents are solely responsible for their own expenses in preparing and delivering a response to this Request for Information (RFI).
Responses
To reply to this Notice, please provide your response in writing as follows:
By email to: NWR_Leasing_Mailbox@rcmp-grc.gc.ca
Or
By Mail/Courier addressed to:
Royal Canadian Mounted Police
Attention: NWR Leasing
701 Bethel Way
Sherwood Park, Alberta
T8H 3B5
Responses Requested by: It is the responsibility of the Respondent to ensure that its response in writing is received no later than: April 30, 2026 at 2:00 p.m. MST Applicants must meet the deadline in order to be considered for an Invitation to Tender process, if there is one.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.