Title: DC-2026-PO-01 - French and English Translation Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-475-80370823

Solicitation Number: DC-2026-PO-01

Issuing Organization: Destination Canada (DC)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-06-08

Contact name: Paulina Orozco

Contact email: procurement@destinationcanada.com

Description:
The purpose of this Request for Supplier Qualification (the “RFSQ”) is to solicit proposals from translation service providers (organizations and/or individual practitioners) for the following:
• Scope of Work A: General Translation Services
• Scope of Work B: Legal and Specialized Translation Services
For both Scopes of Work, the translation services are required primarily from English to Canadian French, and occasionally from French to English, and in accordance with DC’s quality standards, terminology, and style guide.
DC may also occasionally request additional linguistic services such as subtitling or transcription, on an as needed basis.
Proponents do not need to bid on all two (2) Scopes of Work: proponents may bid on either Scope of Work A, Scope of Work B, or both. Please see Statement of Work (Section C) for detailed requirements.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.