Title: 2026-09 - RFP UNB2026-09 Online Divorce Forms Project - NB

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: NB-2026-09

Solicitation Number: 2026-09

Issuing Organization: Government of New Brunswick

Solicitation Type: TN - Tender Notice

Location: New Brunswick

Publication date: 2026-05-13

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Contact name: Jen Bockmaster

Contact email: 1 (506) 452-6284

AI Overview:
The University of New Brunswick is seeking proposals to select and configure a law clinic Software as a Service (SaaS) Form Creation Service Solution for completing and downloading configurable forms required for divorce applications and related relief under the Divorce Act and the Marital Property Act.

Description:
PROFESSIONAL, ADMINISTRATIVE AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT SERVICES
***Notice details***
The University of New Brunswick (UNB) is inviting Proposals for:
Online Divorce Forms Project. To select and configure a reputable law clinic Software as a Service (SaaS) Form Creation Service Solution to enable the completion and download of various configurable forms required to complete the submission of an application for divorce and related relief, under the Divorce Act and the Marital Property Act, to the Court of Kings Bench, Family Division, in the Province of New Brunswick.
further described in RFP Documents.
Visit the Euna (formerly Bonfire) portal for further information and submission of tenders:
https://unb.bonfirehub.ca/opportunities/104126
This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.