Title: EN27TKE165 - TOC - EN27TKE165 - Implementation and Monitoring - NZ

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005019506

Solicitation Number: EN27TKE165 - TOC

Issuing Organization: BC Timber Sales

Solicitation Type: ITT - Invitation to Tender (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Contact name: Forests.OkanaganColumbiaTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

Contact email: Forests.OkanaganColumbiaTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

AI Overview:
This contract provides monitoring and implementation services for the BCTS Okanagan-Columbia forest road engineering programme, including implementation of forest service road construction, maintenance, and deactivation contracts, site supervision and monitoring, and bridge installations.

Description:
The purpose of this contract is to provide Monitoring and Implementation services for the BCTS Okanagan-Columbia forest road engineering program with the primary works throughout the North Zone. Services may include but will not be limited to implementation of forest service road construction, maintenance, and deactivation contracts; site supervision and monitoring; completing inspection forms and safety checks; supervision of bridge installations, maintenance, and deactivation; being designated the Professional of Record (POR) as defined in the
Guidelines for Professional Services in the Forest Sector – Forest Roads
and
Guidelines for Professional Services in the Forest Sector – Crossings V.3
for specific sites or projects as needed; preparing simple road deactivation plans; completing road inspections and identifying maintenance needs; and undertaking any handworks that are reasonable to mitigate imminent road problems or assist with the delivery of the Engineering program. These services will enable the execution of planned contracts and support future BCTS engineering program maintenance, deactivation, and construction works. See applicable schedules and attachments for further information.
Contractor Safety Program and Prime Contractor Responsibilities
The Successful Bidder will be designated the Prime Contractor for this contract and must bid accordingly and meet the bidder eligibility stated in the Conditions of Tender.
The successful Contractor must plan to maintain and implement a program of systems or processes (a safety program) that will address occupational health and safety concerns and practices that will eliminate or minimize risk of injuries. The Province may ask to examine the safety program and ask for evidence to support the implementation of same as part of the contract administration.
Bidders must be aware of the Safety Conditions Schedule and the Prime Contractor Agreement attached to the contract agreement.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.