Title: 2026-10-E - Desludging of Aspenview Pond

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005020885

Solicitation Number: 2026-10-E

Issuing Organization: Town of Drayton Valley

Solicitation Type: RFQ - Request for Quote (Informal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Contact name: Bre Haskill

Contact email: bhaskill@draytonvalley.ca

AI Overview:
The municipality is requesting quotations for desludging a pond, including mechanical sludge excavation, hauling materials to a designated location for dewatering, safety equipment, signage, traffic control, and site reclamation work.

Description:
The Town of Drayton Valley is requesting a Quotation from qualified individuals and/or businesses for the delivery of Desludging Aspenview Pond for the municipality.
The Town requires the desludging of Aspenview Pond. This includes mechanical sludge excavation, hauling sludge and other materials to a designated location for dewatering, any safety equipment, signage and traffic control as needed, and any site reclamation work necessary. This does not include trucking dried sludge to the landfill after testing. This project requires qualified applicants to retain prime contractor for the full duration of the job.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
Town of Drayton Valley