Title: 229200 - NOI FOR RFP-2025-RPT-009-CAPITAL REGIONA POPULATION, EMPLOYMENT AND DWELLING PROJECTIONS

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005036900

Solicitation Number: 229200

Issuing Organization: Capital Regional District

Solicitation Type: NOI - Notice of Intent (Informal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-11

Closing date: 2026-05-18

Contact name: Kara Mullin

Contact email: regionalplanning@crd.bc.ca

AI Overview:
A supplier previously awarded a contract for Regional Population, Employment, and Dwelling Projections will receive additional work related to the Reconciliation Corridor Initiative through a non-competitive process due to technical reasons and absence of competition.

Description:
The supplier competed in January, 2026 under RFP #2025-RPT-009 CRD ‘Regional Population, Employment, and Dwelling Projections’, and was identified as the winning Proponent. The work associated with the Reconciliation Corridor Initiative is directly related to the existing work already underway in this contract surrounding CRD’s Regional Population, Employment, and Dwelling Projections initiative. The value associated with the additional scope is anticipated to be $54,000.
In accordance with applicable trade agreements, CRD has chosen not to proceed with a competitive process for the following reason:
the goods or services can be supplied only by the selected supplier and no alternative or substitute exists for the following reason:
a. due to an absence of competition for technical reasons.
Vendors who wish to challenge this decision should submit a detailed written objection including documentation demonstrating that they meet the requirements set out above. This is to be addressed for the attention of Kara Mullin, by email before 2:00pm Pacific Time, May 18th, 2026.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.