Title: 01R11-26-259 - Financial Consultant - Ontario for the Farm Debt Mediation Service (FDMS)

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-861-84002551

Solicitation Number: 01R11-26-259

Issuing Organization: Department of Agriculture and Agri-Food (AAFC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Contact name: Rachael Johnston

Contact email: (343) 548-4918

Contact phone: rachael.johnston@AGR.GC.CA

Description:
The Programs Branch (PB) of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) has requirements on an “as and when requested” basis for professional resources with expertise and skillsets for the delivery of financial counselling and mediation services.
This requirement is to establish a Task Authorization Contract with a qualified Contractor’s for services in New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, or Newfoundland and Labrador. It is intended to result in the award of 4 (four) contracts for 5 (five) years.
The Farm Debt Mediation Service (FDMS) offers free financial counselling and mediation services to farmers who are having difficulties meeting their financial obligations. It is a voluntary, private and confidential service that brings farmers and their creditors together with a Mediator in a
neutral forum to reach a mutually acceptable solution.
The FDMS Administrator will assign a Financial Consultant and a Mediator to work with the farmer through the mediation process. Confidentiality is extremely important to the quality and effectiveness of the service. Information obtained from the farmer and their creditor(s) is used for the sole purpose
of mediation and is shared only among the parties involved in the mediation process.
The Financial Consultant will conduct a site visit, inventory all the farmer’s assets, create financial statements of the farming operation, develop a recovery plan for the purpose of reaching a financial arrangement between the farmer and their creditor(s), and attend mediation meeting(s).
When the farmer and their creditor(s) agree upon a solution, the Mediator will draw-up an arrangement.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.