Title: ESC-2627-004 - Backflow prevention devices and cross connections at the Normandin experimental farm

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-61-69589561

Solicitation Number: ESC-2627-004

Issuing Organization: Department of Agriculture and Agri-Food (AAFC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-13

Closing date: 2026-04-30

Contact name: Carol Rahal

Contact email: carol.rahal@agr.gc.ca

Description:
Invitation to tender ESC-2627-004
Backflow prevention devices and cross connections at the Normandin experimental farm
Tenders for the project indicated above, will be accepted at the following address, up to the tender closing date and time indicated below: aafc.escprocurement-cseapprovisionnement.aac@agr.gc.ca
Scope of Work:
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) requires the services of a General Contractor to carry out the work as part of the DAR and faulty junctions project at the Normandin Farm in Quebec.
Optional Site Visit:
There will be a site visit on Thursday, April 23, 2026 at 10:30AM. Interested bidders must confirm their attendance at least two days prior to the visit by sending an email to carol.rahal@agr.gc.ca before presenting themselves at are to meet at the Normandin experimental farm, located at 1468 Saint-Cyrille Street, Normandin, Quebec, G8M 4K3 .
Bidders who attend the site visit must sign the attendance sheet. Bidders must arrive at least 10 minutes before the start of the visit.
Attendance to this visit is NOT MANDATORY, however bidders that do not attend will not be given an alternative appointment, and will not be precluded from submitting an offer.
Safety Equipment: In order to access the site, all individuals must wear appropriate personal protective
equipment (safety footwear, etc.). Contractor personnel or individuals not wearing the required safety equipment may be denied access to the site.
Tender Period Closing Date and Time: April 30, 2026 at 02:00 pm (Eastern Time).
Information requests and inquiries related to this tender process are to be directed, in writing, ONLY to the AAFC Contract Officer identified below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the AAFC Contract Officer to obtain such information during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified.
It is MANDATORY for the Firms intending to submit tenders on this project to obtain the related specifications, plans and drawings, and all other tender documents through the CanadaBuys service provider’s platform. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the CanadaBuys service provider platform.
AAFC reserves the right to accept any Proposal in whole or in part, without prior negotiation and reject
any or all Proposals received.
AAFC Contract Officer:
Carol Rahal
Team lead and Contracts Officer
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada
E-mail: carol.rahal@agr.gc.ca
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.