Title: AB-2026-03241 - W BY ATB TRAINING PROGRAM & ACCREDITATION

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005012994

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03241

Issuing Organization: ATB Financial

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Contact name: Taylor Kanik

Contact email: tkanik@atb.com

AI Overview:
RFP seeking provider(s) to develop gender bias and gender intelligence training services for team members, with options for both comprehensive training support and accreditation for those who complete the training.

Description:
The intent of this RFP is to secure one or more Proponent(s) to support ATB in providing best-in-class training services for our Team Members that is recognized and accredited externally. We are looking for two distinct but connected outcomes as part of this request. Your proposal may address one of these outcomes, or both: (1) Comprehensive support that targets gender bias and gender intelligence in the financial sector—support that can be delivered to and sustained with team members internally in all locations that ATB operates. (2) Accreditation for team members who have successfully completed this internal training. ATB is on a journey to be the undisputed advisor of choice for women in Alberta and Kelowna, BC. ATB recognizes the historical under-representation of women in financial services and is committed to leading a significant shift. We are building a distinctly superior experience by prioritizing internal transformation. More information can be found at www.atb.com/women. In order to support women to the best of our ability, ATB is committed to ensuring our team members receive world-class training and support to help them lead with Consciously unbiased and Gender-Intelligent Advice. ATB requires this training program to be delivered and sustained by our current internal systems and training teams. The successful proponent will design and develop a blended learning experience that could combine a mix of online asynchronous custom content, interactive instructor-led sessions, and additional resources/ materials.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.