Title: 81003583 - INVITATION TO SUBMIT AN EXPRESSION OF INTEREST (EOI) AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF SPACE FOR LEASE IN THE TOWN OF LABRADOR CITY, NEWFOUNDLAND AND LABRADOR FILE NUMBER 81003583

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-55-81869608

Solicitation Number: 81003583

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFI - Request for Information (Informal)

Location: Newfoundland and Labrador

Publication date: 2026-05-11

Closing date: 2026-06-12

Contact name: Cynthia Livingston

Contact email: (782) 377-1187

Contact phone: Cynthia.Livingston@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
INVITATION TO SUBMIT AN EXPRESSION OF INTEREST (EOI)
AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF SPACE FOR LEASE
IN THE TOWN OF LABRADOR CITY, NEWFOUNDLAND AND LABRADOR
FILE NUMBER 81003583
Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC) is asking interested parties to provide information for a potential lease of space that meets the following criteria:
Section A: Lease Components
• a lease term of approximately 15 years, commencing on or about September 1, 2029, with the right to terminate and surrender the Lease Premises any time after the twelfth (12th) anniversary of the Commencement Date, plus an option to extend the lease for two (2) additional period of two (2) years;
• approximately 308 usable square meters (um2) of contiguous office space; as well as eight (8) reserved parking spaces, reserved on a continuous basis. If not parking available then municipal or commercial parking must be available on a reserved basis within 500 metres (measured by existing sidewalks and crosswalks) of the building containing the proposed space;
• the proposed space must be available approximately 26 weeks prior to the above-noted lease commencement date so all space may be prepared for occupancy;
• the proposed space may be located in either existing buildings or buildings to be constructed, and should satisfy or be capable of satisfying the following criteria
1. the proposed space must be located within the Town of Labrador City, Newfoundland and Labrador. Buildings located in flood plains will not be considered;
2. the proposed space must be contiguous on one floor at grade level.
3. the proposed space should be within an office or commercial building; industrial and institutional type buildings and those with industrial space will not be considered;
3. the proposed space must have a window arrangement and configuration that are acceptable to PSPC;
4. the length of the space shall not be more than (3) three times its width.
5. the general public will have access to the space through (1) one single common entrance. A second entrance must be available for employee access;
• Preference may be given to space with any or all of the following: a highly visible storefront space, on a main road, with direct pedestrian access from the street or has a public transit stop within 500 meters of the buildings main entrance
• the physical characteristics of the land and building and the area and environment surrounding it, including neighboring land uses, should be compatible with PSPC’s and/or the intended users intended use of the accommodation;
• PSPC may not consider spaces or building that do not provide an acceptable configuration , are located in proximity to sites with incompatible usages, do not meet PSPC’s and/or the intended user’s safety and/or security requirements or not currently properly zoned;
• on or before the lease commencement date, the proposed space will have to comply with all requirements contained in PSPC’s Standards for Leased Accommodation, a copy of which may be obtained from the contact listed in Section F;
Note: PSPC may wish to visit or inspect the proposed space upon reasonable notice and a threat and risk assessment may be undertaken in order to assess potential threats to the security of the proposed space and to the public.
Section B: Responses
Interested parties are requested to submit their response to this EOI in writing to the following address:
Public Services and Procurement Canada
161 St. Peters Road, Suite 204
Charlottetown, PE C1A 5P7
or by email to the contact listed below in Section F.
Please indicate File No. 81003583 on all correspondence.
Section C: Responses Requested by
As this may be the only invitation to submit an Expression of Interest for this potential lease project, owners/agents/mandataries should provide their response by June 12, 2026. Any response received after this date may not be considered.
Section D: Information Provided by Interested Parties or Agents of Interested Parties
Information provided by interested parties or agents of interested parties should include the following:
• file number,
• the location and municipal address of the building, current zoning, specific location of space within the building, measured area of space, architectural drawings identifying the proposed space with washrooms, exits and other design elements, private/public parking facilities, and details addressing the criteria listed above in Section A. Agents submitting a response to this EOI must provide PSPC with a letter authorizing them to do so.
Section E: Security Requirement
If this EOI results in a future tender process, the building owners of the proposed spaces will have to hold a valid security clearance at the “Reliability” level, approved and granted by the Contract Security Program (CSP) of PSPC prior to award. All parties interested in this potential lease project are advised to obtain this security clearance level in advance. Information regarding security clearance can be obtained on the website of the CSP/ PSPC at https://www.tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca/esc-src/index-eng.html. Please contact the person listed in Section F to initiate the security clearance process.
Section F: Additional Information
For more information, please contact Cynthia Livingston, Senior Leasing and Commercial Letting Advisor by phone at 782-377-1187 or by email to: cynthia.livingston@pwgsc-tpsgc.gc.ca.
Section G: List of Available Space
This EOI is issued in order to invite interested parties to demonstrate their interest in providing the requirements described herein. This information may be included in a list of available space and used for potential future solicitations.
Section H: Not a Solicitation Process
Note that this is not a tender process, nor a request for proposal, but only an inquiry as to the availability of space to lease. PSPC will not necessarily invite offers, or lease any space, and may not post any future ads related to this request. The information provided through this EOI may be included in a source list of available space and PSPC may issue an invitation to tender for other leasing requirements based on this information, or based on any other information which may come to its attention prior to an issuance of an invitation to tender; or it may invite offers by way of public tender. PSPC reserves the right to proceed with an Invitation to Offer to Lease by inviting only parties deemed to most effectively meet specific operational, security and public safety requirement.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.