Title: SD27TIH205 - SD27TIH205 - Multiphase Block and Road Development in the Kalum TSA

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005029693

Solicitation Number: SD27TIH205

Issuing Organization: BC Timber Sales

Solicitation Type: ITT - Invitation to Tender (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Contact name: Forests.SkeenaTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

Contact email: Forests.SkeenaTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

AI Overview:
The contract requires provision of approximately 12,000 cubic metres of multiphase block assessment and layout services for timber sale licence development, consisting of two second growth blocks planned for partial harvest.

Description:
The proposed contract requires the provision of approximately 12,000 cubic metres of multiphase block assessment and layout services for timber sale licence development located in the Thunderbird operating area in the Skeena Business Area. The contract consists of two second growth blocks, both planned for partial harvest.
The contract will require a range of qualified professionals and technical staff working in various conditions including isolated areas. Forest development activities will include but are not limited to block planning, block/road layout, timber cruising, site plans, assessments (blocks, roads, bridges, terrain, windthrow, stream, wildlife, visuals, etc.) and timber sale package preparations.
Contract deliverables will be planned for completion throughout the fiscal year to meet the business area quarterly targets. Projects will be completed concurrently as per the approved work progress plan and schedules.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.