Title: AB-2026-03019 - CEO Performance Evaluation Framework and Program

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005003305

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03019

Issuing Organization: College of Registered Nurses of Alberta

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-04-30

Contact name: Stewart Hong

Contact email: shong@nurses.ab.ca

AI Overview:
The College of Registered Nurses of Alberta is seeking a qualified vendor to develop a CEO Performance Evaluation Framework and Program that aligns with the organization's mandate, strategic priorities, risk profile, and public-interest responsibilities.

Description:
The College of Registered Nurses of Alberta (CRNA) is governed by Council and conducts regular performance reviews of its Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Registrar in accordance with its governance framework. As part of its ongoing commitment to strong governance and effective oversight, CRNA periodically engages external expertise to support the design and implementation of executive performance evaluation practices. CRNA is undertaking a competitive procurement to engage a qualified vendor to support the development of a modern, structured, and defensible CEO Performance Evaluation Framework and Program. The objective of this work is to strengthen Council’s ability to assess CEO performance in a manner that is aligned with the organization’s mandate, strategic priorities, risk profile, and public-interest responsibilities. The CEO role also incorporates the statutory role of Registrar of the College. While day-to-day Registrar functions are carried out by delegated staff, the combined scope of the CEO/Registrar role is a relevant consideration in defining performance expectations, evaluation criteria, and oversight requirements. This RFP is a standalone procurement focused exclusively on CEO performance evaluation framework and program. Vendors responding to this RFP should have experience designing executive performance evaluation frameworks in public interest, regulatory, or similarly complex governance environments.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.