Title: 25-068P - Project: tender_21704 - Activation Impact Measurement

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004997027

Solicitation Number: 25-068P

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-11

Contact name: Tingting Pan

Contact email: tingting.pan@ocs.ca

AI Overview:
Request for proposals seeking a supplier to provide activation impact measurement services for public-facing activations and investments, delivering timely insights to validate effectiveness and inform future strategies.

Description:
This request for proposals (the “RFP”) issued by the OCS is an invitation to suppliers to submit proposals for the provision of activation impact measurement services of OCS’s public-facing activations and investments on consumer behavior. These public-facing activations can include pricing exercises, marketing campaigns (digital, Out of Home (OOH), radio etc.) and other initiatives intended to grow legal market share and advance OCS’s social responsibility mandate. The successful proponent will provide timely, actionable insights that validate effectiveness and inform future strategies.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/