Title: tender_21762 - Project: tender_21762 - Emergency Management and Preparedness Services EVOR - EMPS Refresh 1

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005036703

Solicitation Number: tender_21762

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: RFB - Request for Bid (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-11

Closing date: 2026-06-09

Contact name: Andrew Singh

Contact email: Andrew.R.Singh@supplyontario.ca

AI Overview:
Vendor of Record Arrangement sought to provide emergency management and preparedness services for evacuee support during emergency incidents requiring evacuation in host communities.

Description:
Emergency Management and Preparedness Services Vendor of Record Arrangement is to support the Province of Ontario in the eventuality of emergency services as required in Ontario. Selected Vendor(s) to provide planning and support services to implement Evacuation contingency models for hosting Evacuees in the event of an Incident requiring an Evacuation in a Host Community.
Scope of Work
Planning and organizing services in a safe manner in event of an emergency for Evacuees such as accommodations, food, transportation, security, cleaning, clothing, laundry, child care and activities, personal care, pet care to meet the needs of the Evacuees. Selected Vendor(s) shall be prepared to provide these services, in any location in Ontario (remote, rural or urban locations).
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/