Title: 10081748 - DESKTOP PUBLISHING SERVICES

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-898-99091525

Solicitation Number: 10081748

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFI - Request for Information (Informal)

Location: Ottawa National Capital Region Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Contact name: Eric Beaudry

Contact email: 873-355-4728

Contact phone: eric.beaudry@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
1. Background and purpose of this request for information
The Translation Bureau (TB) is a federal institution that is part of the Public Services and Procurement Canada portfolio. It supports the Government of Canada in its efforts to serve and communicate with Canadians in both official languages.
Federal departments and agencies that use the TB’s translation services are submitting an increasing number of documents in non-editable formats, such as PDFs or other formats that may include non-editable images. These documents must be converted and formatted so that they are conducive to translation work.
The TB has an in-house desktop publishing team. This team converts and formats non-editable documents and transcribes text from non-editable images into tables. The team also formats some documents after translation. The scope of some projects exceeds the capacity of the desktop publishing team.
The TB is in the market for businesses or suppliers that are willing to provide desktop publishing services and have sufficient capacity to handle large requests (very large number of pages to format) with varying deadlines that can sometimes be very short. The needs are ongoing and could continue for several months.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.