Title: 26-090 Delta - Exhibit Refreshments

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005002780

Solicitation Number: 26-090 Delta

Issuing Organization: Corporation of Delta

Solicitation Type: RFQ - Request for Qualifications (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-07

Contact name: Michelle Miller

Contact email: purchasing@delta.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking qualified exhibit fabrication firms with at least five years of professional experience to support the refreshment of various exhibits at the Douglas J Husband Discovery Centre on an as-needed basis.

Description:
The City of Delta requires the services of qualified and experienced exhibit fabrication firms to work with City staff, on a “as and when requested” basis, to support the refreshment of various exhibits at the Douglas J Husband Discovery Centre, located at 4450 Clarence Taylor Crescent, Delta BC. Firms responding to this Request for Qualifications should have a least five years of experience as a professional fabrication contractor.
The City’s intent is to create a short list of qualified firms and subsequently invite them to submit firm-priced quotations as projects arise. Respondents should be aware that this opportunity relates to creation of a list only. The City of Delta makes no representation as to the volume of future business the opportunity may represent. There is no commitment that short-listed firms will receive invitations to quote. The intent is to maintain the list for a three-year period.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.