Title: RFI-2026-01A - Request for Information P-Card Solution - NB

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: NB-RFI-2026-01A

Solicitation Number: RFI-2026-01A

Issuing Organization: Government of New Brunswick

Solicitation Type: TN - Tender Notice

Location: New Brunswick

Publication date: 2026-05-11

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Contact name: Paulette Stoddard

Contact email: 1 (506) 6507351

AI Overview:
An RFI is issued to gather information from qualified financial institutions and Procurement Card solution providers regarding the design, implementation, and operation of a P-Card program.

Description:
BANKING SERVICES (CORPORATE CARD SERVICES)
This Request for Information ("RFI") is issued by the Workplace Health, Safety and Compensation Commission of New Brunswick ("WorkSafeNB") for the purposes of gathering information about the marketplace to assist in the determination of future purchasing options or requirements. Respondents are asked to respond to WorkSafeNB.
WorkSafeNB seeking information from qualified financial institutions and P#Card solution providers regarding the design, implementation, and operation of a Procurement Card (P#Card) program.
The organization does not currently operate a P#Card program. This RFI is intended to:
Understand available solutions and best practices
Assess program controls, governance, and compliance capabilities
Inform a potential future procurement or pilot program.
Respondents are asked to submit their information and signed Respondent Submission Form by June 4th to the following address and to the attention of the following RFI Contact:
Paulette Stoddard, SCMP
Supply Chain Manager, WorkSafeNB
paulette.stoddard@ws-ts.nb.ca
Respondents should direct any questions on this RFI process to the same RFI Contact.
Submissions should include a completed and signed Respondent Submission Form (Appendix A) that acknowledges, among other things, that this RFI and any respondent submissions will not create a legal relationship or obligation regarding the procurement of any good or service.
This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.