Title: 84084-25-0087/A - Technical Standards Database Subscription

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-580-14056381

Solicitation Number: 84084-25-0087/A

Issuing Organization: Canada Energy Regulator (CER)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Contact name: Erin Ort

Contact email: (403) 919-8168

Contact phone: Erin.Ort@cer-rec.gc.ca

Description:
The Regulatory Group of the CER is comprised of teams of Engineers, Scientists and Technical Specialists. These professionals require access to and knowledge of various codes and standards that apply to their work and/or are mandated in legislation.
Ready access to the latest digital editions of these publications ensures the CER can fulfill its responsibilities to:
• verify compliance with statutes, regulations, and conditions of approval;
• respond to emergencies; and
• enforce applicable legislation, regulations, company commitments and CER directions.
This access is required by the CER to ensure that CER-regulated companies construct and operate facilities in a manner that is safe, secure, and environmentally responsible.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.