Title: 25-069P - Project: tender_21816 - Pricing and Assortment Study

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005045517

Solicitation Number: 25-069P

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Contact name: Tingting Pan

Contact email: tingting.pan@ocs.ca

AI Overview:
The OCS is seeking proposals for conducting a comprehensive pricing and assortment study to provide actionable insights into price elasticity in key battlefield categories, assortment gaps for wellness-oriented and low-THC consumers, and evidence-based recommendations to support evolving assortment strategy.

Description:
This request for proposals (the “RFP”) issued by the OCS is an invitation to suppliers to submit proposals for the provision of conducting comprehensive pricing and assortment study. This initiative will provide actionable insights into:
a) Price elasticity in key battlefield categories (including but not limited to dried flower, vapes, edibles, etc.) to inform strategic pricing decisions and support conversion from the illegal market.
b) Assortment gaps for wellness-oriented and low-Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) consumers to better serve underserved segments.
c) Evidence-based recommendations to support OCS’s evolving assortment strategy and strengthen the legal market advantage.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/