Title: ERP SYSTEM REPLACEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES - EXPRESSION OF INTEREST (EOI) FOR ERP SYSTEM REPLACEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004987779

Solicitation Number: ERP SYSTEM REPLACEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES

Issuing Organization: City of Moose Jaw

Solicitation Type: EOI - Expression of Interest (Informal)

Location: Saskatchewan

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-08

Closing date: 2026-04-21

Contact name: Emily Mai

Contact email: procurement@moosejaw.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking qualified consulting firms with expertise in enterprise resource planning systems and municipal digital transformation initiatives to support pre-procurement planning and ERP readiness activities.

Description:
The City of Moose Jaw ("Moose Jaw"), in collaboration with the City of Warman, the City of Humboldt and the City of Yorkton are seeking Expressions of Interest ("EOI") from qualified consulting firms with expertise in enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems and municipal digital transformation initiatives including demonstrated expertise in technical requirements gathering, business process analysis, and supporting the evaluation and selection of ERP software development and implementation firms.
The purpose of this Expressions of Interest ("EOI") process is strictly an information gathering exercise intended to: a. Identify qualified consulting firms capable of supporting pre-procurement planning and ERP readiness activities. b. Gather insights, industry standards, and best practices related to ERP requirements development, process harmonization, and multi‑entity ERP scoping. c. Obtain indicative cost estimates to inform budgeting for the formal RFP process.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
City of Moose Jaw