Title: 30006742 - Regional Standing Offer for Environmental Services – Newfoundland and Labrador Region.

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-233-24583350

Solicitation Number: 30006742

Issuing Organization: Department of Fisheries and Oceans (DFO)

Solicitation Type: RFSO - Request for Standing Offer (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Contact name: Louise Martel

Contact email: DFO.Tenders-Soumissions.MPO@dfo-mpo.gc.ca

Description:
The objective of the Standing Offer (SO) is to provide technical and project management services related to contaminated sites on an "as and when requested" basis. This includes, but is not limited to, environmental site assessments, risk assessment, risk management, remediation, long-term monitoring and requirements for environmental site closure of land-based and aquatic contaminated sites. Successful proponents will have significant regulatory experience within the federal framework, as well as the Atlantic RBCA (Risk Based Corrective Action) framework, and experience working on terrestrial and aquatic sites.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.