Title: WS4755734714 - RFSA - Structural Engineering Services - Bridges and Dams

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS4755734714-Doc5660108115

Solicitation Number: WS4755734714

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFSA - Request for Supply Arrangement (Formal)

Location: Ontario Quebec National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-27

Closing date: 2026-06-01

Contact name: Chow, Angi (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: angi.chow@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) is inviting Structural Engineering firms with knowledge and experience in Bridges and Dams Engineering services to submit offers for a Supply Arrangement. This procurement will be conducted through a single-phase selection process.The objective of this Supply Arrangement is to establish a pool of pre-qualified offerors for the provision of Structural Engineering services in support of Bridge and Dam projects located in the provinces of Ontario and Quebec, for assets within the National Capital Region Portfolio. Any locations subject to Comprehensive Land Claim Agreements are excluded from this Supply Arrangement.PWGSC may issue an unlimited number of Supply Arrangements and will post a notice once a year on the Government Electronic Tendering Service to allow new Offerors to become qualified. The Supply Arrangement will be valid for a period of five years from the date of issuance, or until such time as Canada no longer considers it advantageous to use the Supply Arrangement.Late submissions will not be considered. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.