Title: WS5663417802 - F2915-261148 Multibeam Bathymetric Survey

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5663417802-Doc5670722640

Solicitation Number: WS5663417802

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-25

Contact name: Shave, Lucas (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: lucas.shave@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
The response time deadline is 14:00 EST Department of Fisheries and Oceans requires the delivery of processed multibeam bathymetric data for areas in the Arctic starting in September 2026 with delivery of all data due in January 2027. There will be 4 optional year periods to extend the contract. This solicitation of offers is open only to Canadian suppliers. Offerors may request a debriefing on the results of the solicitation of offers process. The following apply: · This solicitation of offers is subject to the following Comprehensive Land Claims Agreement (s): Nunavut settlement area. · This solicitation of offer is limited to offerors registered on the Inuit Firm Registry (IFR). Reference the solicitation for further details.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.