Title: HICC2026/27-PS6151BCH - BCH Crown Corporation Stand-up

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-901-5514501

Solicitation Number: HICC2026/27-PS6151BCH

Issuing Organization: Office of Infrastructure of Canada (INFC)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-08

Closing date: 2026-04-27

Contact name: Xiumei Situ

Contact email: procurement-approvisionnement@infc.gc.ca

Description:
This requirement is for: Build Canada Homes (BCH).
This Request for Proposal (RFP) is Step 2 of a procurement process. Step 1 was a Letter of Intent (LOI) where Supply Arrangement (SA) Holders under TSPS E60ZT-16TSSB/E, who qualified under Tier 1 in the National Capital Region and Streams 1, 2 and 3, were invited to respond by April 2, 2026 at 2 p.m. Using the Centralized Professional Services System (CPSS) search module, 27 SA Holders were invited to respond to the LOI. The SA Holders below were deemed responsive.
• Accenture Inc.
• Econ Inc.
• Ernst & Young LLP
• KORN FERRY (CA) LTD. KORN FERRY (CA) LTEE.
• KPMG LLP
• OXARO INC.
• Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP
No additional SA Holders will be added to this list.
Housing, Infrastructure and Communities Canada (HICC), on behalf of BCH, used this process in order to meet Government of Canada timelines.
The requirement is intended to result in the award of four (4) contracts, each for six months plus two three-month irrevocable options.
Description of the Requirement:
Housing, Infrastructure and Communities Canada (HICC) is requesting proposals for services to transition BCH from a Special Operating Agency (SOA) to a Crown Corporation.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.