Title: WS5643273790 - Parliament Hill-Spare Parts Order

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5643273790-Doc5643273860

Solicitation Number: WS5643273790

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-13

Closing date: 2026-04-30

Contact name: Hampel, Lisa (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: lisa.hampel@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC) has a requirement to establish a local spare parts inventory for the Parliamentary Hill security bollard system. The objective is to ensure immediate availability of critical components for emergency repairs, minimizing downtime and maintaining perimeter security
The RFP and attachments are available via SAP Ariba. Suppliers must be registered, logged in, and have a completed Government of Canada profile to view and bid.
You can access the documents using this link-https://portal.us.bn.cloud.ariba.com/dashboard/public/appext/comsapsbncdiscoveryui#/RfxEvent/preview/1110010063?anId=ANONYMOUS
Questions must be submitted through SAP Ariba (“Event Messages”).
For assistance, consult CanadaBuys “Getting Started” or contact the Service Desk: https://canadabuys.canada.ca/en/contact-support
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.