Title: W0106-26E006/A - Location of a Warehouse

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-92-1115684

Solicitation Number: W0106-26E006/A

Issuing Organization: Department of National Defence (DND)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Quebec

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Contact name: Emmanuella Plante

Contact email: (418) 844-5000

Contact phone: svctechcontratval@forces.gc.ca

Description:
This document aims to define the general and specific requirements related to the establishment of a warehouse rental service for the 5th Field Ambulance of the Valcartier Support Base, under the 2nd Canadian Division (BS, 2 Cdn Div), Department of National Defence (DND).
This service is required for the period from June 1, to November 30, 2026, inclusive, in order to support activities related to the preparation and conditioning of medical equipment for deployment to Latvia.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.