Title: S5884598 - NPP – S5884598 - THS SA – One (1) Special Advisor. Temporary Help Services against the Supply Arrangement for the National Capital Region.

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-789-42896011

Solicitation Number: S5884598

Issuing Organization: Department of National Defence (DND)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-01

Contact name: CFSG(O-G) Temp Help

Contact email: (613) 971-7955

Contact phone: CFSGO-GTemporaryHelp-GSFCO-Gdaidetemporaire@forces.gc.ca

Description:
Temporary Help Services Requirement?
This requirement is for: Department of National Defense (DND)??
This requirement is open only to those supply arrangement holders under EN578-172870 who qualified
under the following streams and categories: Stream 13.9- Special Advisor
The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal: ?
Akkodis Canada Inc.
Deloitte Inc.
Elevated Thinking Inc.
ForgeSight Technologies Inc.
Intelliscient Inc
NATTIQ INC.
OLAV CONSULTING CORP., MOSHWA ABORIGINAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION, IN JOINT VENTURE
Ombre Consulting Services Incorporated
RHEA INC.
T.I.7 Inc.
Versatil BPI Inc.
Description of the Requirement:?
Department of National Defense (DND) has a requirement for Temporary Help Services and has issued a
Request for Proposal to suppliers generated from CPSS who are qualified under the streams and
categories listed above.?
Level of Security Requirement:?
Resource Minimum Security Level Required is: DOS Reliability
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.