Title: S5926565 - NPP – S5926565 - THS SA – One (1) Computer Application Support. Temporary Help Services against the Supply Arrangement for the National Capital Region (NCR).

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-53-73879021

Solicitation Number: S5926565

Issuing Organization: Department of National Defence (DND)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Contact name: CFSG(O-G) Temp Help

Contact email: CFSGO-GTemporaryHelp-GSFCO-Gdaidetemporaire@forces.gc.ca

Description:
Temporary Help Services Requirement
This requirement is for: Department of National Defense (DND)
This requirement is open only to those supply arrangement holders under EN578-172870 who qualified under the following streams and categories: Stream 5 – Computer Services Categories – 5.1 Computer Application Support
The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal:
Donna Cona Inc.
GREEN LIGHT CONSULTING SOLUTIONS INC.
Integra Networks Corporation
Intelliscient Inc
KOVASYS INC
Kyndryl Canada Limited; ISM Information Systems Management Corporation IN JOINT VENTURE
LNW Consulting Inc
Maverin Inc.
Newfound Recruiting Corporation
Nisha Technologies Inc.
SoftSim Technologies Inc.
Solana Networks INC.
TANGO - SOLUTIONS RH INC.
TechWind Inc.
Vanguard Cloud Services Inc.
Description of the Requirement:
Department of National Defense (DND) has a requirement for Temporary Help Services and has issued a Request for Proposal to suppliers generated from CPSS who are qualified under the streams and categories listed above.
Level of Security Requirement:
Resource(s) Minimum Security Level Required is/are: Secret
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.