Title: 202506356 - Genetic genealogy laboratory services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-470-51196287

Solicitation Number: 202506356

Issuing Organization: Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-13

Closing date: 2026-06-22

Contact name: Susie Dias

Contact email: (514) 258-7980

Contact phone: susie.dias@rcmp-grc.gc.ca

Description:
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) has a requirement for a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) profile generated on an “as and when required” basis.
The period of the Standing Offer is from the date of issuance of the Standing Offer to three (3) years with two (2) one (1) year option periods.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement:
Barring any other conditions or international sanctions, Canadian Suppliers, Suppliers of an Applicable Trading Partner and Suppliers of a Non-Trading Partner, are eligible for this solicitation of bids.
Basis of selection: A bid must comply with the requirements of the bid solicitation and meet all mandatory technical evaluation criteria to be declared responsive. The responsive bid with the lowest evaluated price will be recommended for award of a contract.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.