Title: PR231527 - 1000538149-001 - Provision of Veterinary care and services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-516-92315393

Solicitation Number: PR231527 - 1000538149-001

Issuing Organization: Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Quebec

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Contact name: Nathalie Gervais

Contact email: (819) 574-8150

Contact phone: nathalie.gervais@cbsa-asfc.gc.ca

Description:
The objective of this requirement is to obtain licensed veterinary care services on an “as needed basis” to the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) College Main Campus, Canine Center of Expertise (CCE), Detector Dog Training Program (DDTP) located in Rigaud QC.) . The Contractor and it’s personnel must be able to provide Veterinary Care Services on an “as and when required“ basis to the CBSA dogs in Rigaud.
The DDTP purchases numerous dogs that will be trained in various specialties (e.g.: drugs and firearms). The DDTP invests heavily in the selection of dogs and they must be in excellent physical condition to perform the work required. In the interest of maintaining program integrity, Professional Licensed Veterinary Care Services are essential to ensure the DDTP continues to meet and exceed the highest industry standards regarding the physical attributes of the dogs.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.