Title: RHP 2026-006 - Project: tender_21705 - Clinical Lead, Sickle Cell Disease

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004997013

Solicitation Number: RHP 2026-006

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: EOI - Expression of Interest (Informal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-11

Contact name: Amir Jafari

Contact email: amir.jafari@ontariohealth.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking a Clinical Lead for Sickle Cell Disease to provide strategic leadership for standardizing care across clinics and implementing quality standards.

Description:
Call for Expression of Interest (EOI)
Ontario Health is seeking expressions of interest from clinicians with expertise in sickle cell disease (SCD) for the position of Clinical Lead, Sickle Cell Disease. This is a unique opportunity to provide strategic leadership for the advancement of provincial approaches to standardize SCD care across SCD clinics, including continued implementation of the Sickle Cell Disease quality standard. The Clinical Lead will provide expert advice and leadership to influence positive change, with the ultimate goal of aligning Ontario Health’s quality agenda, engaging communities to build upon existing efforts, and promoting a culture of quality that will enable improved patient access, experiences, and outcomes. This opportunity is open to all qualified candidates.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/