Title: 27-317911-WSAW-SL - FDI Matchmaking at MSPO 2026 in Kielce, Poland

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-42-60036106

Solicitation Number: 27-317911-WSAW-SL

Issuing Organization: Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (GAC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Publication date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-05-18

Contact name: Sarah-Lynn Laventure

Contact email: (613) 290-4605

Contact phone: internationalproposals@international.gc.ca

Description:
TGP, Global Affairs Canada (GAC)'s Investment Promotion Division requires the professional services of a service provider specializing in the identification of investment prospects with strong expertise in the European defence and security market. The lead generator will organize a series of business-to-business (B2B) matchmaking meetings at the International Defence Industry Exhibition (MSPO 2026) in Kielce, Poland, from September 7 to 11, 2026.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.