Title: 1000395992C - Secure Shredding Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-346-93748771

Solicitation Number: 1000395992C

Issuing Organization: Canada Revenue Agency (CRA)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Contact name: Levon Keyork

Contact email: (438) 364-6830

Contact phone: levon.keyork@cra-arc.gc.ca

Description:
Solicitation 1000395992B that was issued April, 10, 2025 and closed on May 27, 2025 is hereby canceled and replaced with this solicitation 1000395992C.
The Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) intends to enter into a contract with a single contractor for the provision of scheduled and ad-hoc secure shredding services for its large volumes of sensitive paper material.
The period of any resulting contract will be for two years with five irrevocable options to extend the contract of one-year each.
Proposal documents and supporting information must be submitted in either English or French.
There will be an optional virtual bidders' conference on Thursday, April 23rd , 2026. There are no security requirements to attend the conference.
It is recommended that the Bidder or a representative of the Bidder attend the conference held on the 23rd April 2026 . The virtual conference will begin at 2:00 P.M. EST. The virtual bidders’ conference will be held using Microsoft Teams.
Bidders must communicate with the Contracting Officer no later than April 21st, 2026, 10:00 am to confirm attendance and provide the following information:
a. Business name;
b. Business address;
c. Business phone number;
d. Bidder’s representative name(s), title(s) with email address(es) and phone number(s); and
e. official language preference(s) of the person(s) who will attend.
Questions must be directed to the Contracting Authority by email at levon.keyork@cra-arc.gc.ca.
Bids must be submitted by using the Connect service provided by the Canada Post Corporation by the time and date indicated on page 1. For additional information, consult the bid solicitation document Part 2, Section 2.7.
The CRA reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
There are security requirements associated with this requirement. For additional information, consult the request for proposal document.
The Federal Contractors Program (FCP) for employment equity applies to this procurement. For additional information, consult the bid solicitation document.
This solicitation is open only to Canadian suppliers. For additional information, consult the bid solicitation document Part 1 Section 1.4.
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA) applies to this procurement. Further to the following references, these trade agreements do not apply to this service:
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA) - Annex Kbis-01.1-1 and Annex Kbis-01.1-2
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement(CCoFTA) - Annex 1401-4 Services
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement (CHFTA) - Annex 17.4: Services
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA) - Annex 14-C
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA) - Notes to Annex 11-A.4:Services
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement (CPaFTA) - Annex 5: Services, Section B
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA) - Annex 1401.1-4, Part 1
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP) - Chapter 15 (a) Section E.
Canada-United Kingdom Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UKTCA) – Annex 19-7 - General notes (g)
Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)- Annex 19-7 - General notes (g)
World Trade Organization – Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP) - Annex 5, note 3 (a)
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.