Title: SU27TDE003 - SU27TDE003 - Silviculture Surveys in the Dawson Creek Timber Supply Area

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004996374

Solicitation Number: SU27TDE003

Issuing Organization: BC Timber Sales

Solicitation Type: ITT - Invitation to Tender (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-12

Contact name: Forests.PeaceLiardTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

Contact email: Forests.PeaceLiardTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

AI Overview:
Silviculture survey contract requiring completion of Free Growing and Survival surveys across 45 blocks with approximately 2,286 hectares and 2,020 plots, including layout for brushing and fill-planting units.

Description:
The proposed contract will complete Silviculture surveys in the Dawson Creek TSA areas, covering a project size of 45 blocks, approximately ~2286 hectares and requirement to complete approximately 2,020 plots. Blocks are located primarily in the Ojay and Red Willow area. Survey type(s) include Free Growing and Survival surveys. The contract will include layout for brushing and fill-planting units.
Access will be via truck, ATV or walk-in access. Access roads are gravel or overgrown with vegetation. The contractor should expect challenging ATV access conditions into blocks via deactivated access and block roads. Some areas may be remote and require long drives.
The contract will require a range of qualified professionals and technical staff working in various conditions, including isolated areas.
Contract deliverables will be planned for completion throughout the fiscal year to meet the business area quarterly targets. Projects will be completed concurrently as per the approved work progress plan and schedules. All field work will be completed no later than October 20th, 2026, with all deliverables completed by December 21st,2026.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.