Title: WS5254983087 - ET022-250725-D - Replacement of Gasoline and Diesel Fuel Storage Tank Systems

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5254983087-Doc5691219394

Solicitation Number: WS5254983087

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFI - Request for Information (Informal)

Location: Dates

Publication date: 2026-05-13

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Contact name: Simard, Colin (SPAC/PSPC) (il-lui / he-him)

Contact email: colin.simard@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Please note that late submissions will not be considered or accepted. A Letter of Interest is a public notice indicating to the supplier community that a department or agency intends to solicit proposals for a contract for goods, services or construction, thereby allowing proponents to signal their interest in participating in a site visit or in submitting a proposal. Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC -PSPC), on behalf of Parks Canada (PC), intends to issue a tender for an engineering consulting firm to provide architectural and engineering services for the decommissioning and replacement of fuel storage tank systems at the Banff National Park Operations Compound in Banff, Alberta. The selected firm will act as the Prime Consultant and will lead a multidisciplinary team to deliver the required services.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.