Title: 227928 - BCCAT Technologies & AI

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005017358

Solicitation Number: 227928

Issuing Organization: BC Council on Admissions and Transfer

Solicitation Type: NOI - Notice of Intent (Informal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-28

Closing date: 2026-05-07

Contact name: Jennifer Kook

Contact email: jkook@bccat.ca

AI Overview:
A direct award contract is being contemplated to modernize the Transfer Credit System into a platform that incorporates artificial intelligence for assessing course equivalencies and credentials within BC's post-secondary transfer system.

Description:
Notice is hereby given that the BC Council of Admissions & Transfer (“BCCAT”) is contemplating making a direct award of a contract to the primary contractor, Bayleaf Software Inc. (“Bayleaf”), located at Suite 200, 835 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC V6B 2P4 and with a designated secondary sub-contractor, Teamworx Innovations Inc. (“Teamworx”), (together referred to as the “Supplier”).
The high-level details of the contemplated contract are generally described below.
To modernize the Transfer Credit System into a platform that allows the use of artificial intelligence in the workflow and assessment of course, micro- and other short-form credentials, and macro-credentials for equivalency as between institutions and organizations within BC’s post secondary and transfer system.
The term of the contract is expected to be one (1) year and two (2) optional one (1) year extensions.
The aggregate value of the contract is expected not to exceed, exclusive of applicable taxes up to $400,000 per year, aggregate value over 3 years is up to $1,200,000.
Vendors who wish to challenge this decision should submit a detailed written objection for the attention of Jennifer Kook, by email before 2:00pm Pacific Time, April 24, 2026. BCCAT will review any issues received by this date and provide due consideration to each objection.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.