Title: AB-2026-02953 - 2026 Emergency Management Preparedness Package RFP

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005000848

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-02953

Issuing Organization: County of Minburn No. 27-APC

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-05

Contact name: Mike Fundytus

Contact email: mfundytus@minburncounty.ab.ca

AI Overview:
A Request for Proposals seeks a qualified respondent to deliver an emergency management preparedness package including tabletop and full-scale exercises, hazard assessment updates, and improvement planning.

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the "RFP") issued by the County of Minburn No. 27 (the "County") is an invitation to submit non-binding offers for the provision of an emergency management preparedness package. The County has received grant funding from the Province of Alberta to create and deliver a Emergency Management Preparedness Package.
The County of Minburn is seeking a qualified Respondent who can deliver on the emergency management’s operational and situational requirements of the application. More specifically the successful Respondent would be responsible for the following services:
• Structured tabletop exercise conducted prior to the full-scale exercise to familiarize participants with roles and responsibilities
• A full functional exercise simulating an ICS type 3 incident that will activate all ICS functions for a type 3 incident.
• A review and update of the current Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment for the Minburn Regional Emergency Management Partnership.
• Provide an after-action report and improvement plan for the Minburn Regional Emergency Management Partnership.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.