Title: 26-305546 - Project Administrator

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-528-31175872

Solicitation Number: 26-305546

Issuing Organization: Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (GAC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-07

Contact name: Martine Bray

Contact email: Martine.Bray@international.gc.ca

Description:
The Government of Canada (GoC) is increasingly facing challenges with aging infrastructure and the increasing cost of maintenance and renewal of traditional IT applications. The Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (DFATD), experiencing the same challenges as the rest of the GoC, is consolidating and revising how it does technology as well as which business solutions it supports as well as which strategic approach it uses to do so.
The Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (DFATD) has a requirement for the professional services of two (2) experienced Project Administrator resources capable of performing procurement related duties in support of domestic procurement activities.
In order to accelerate and support the development, review and awarding of different contracts as well as the use of existing vehicles (including all associated procurement transactions) which help to support IM/IT and address its challenges while allowing it to be more strategic, we are seeking procuring the support of a Project Administrator to enable our large volume of procurement related activities.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.