Title: RFICCNB26-012 - RFI-Traducteurs professionnels - NB

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: NB-RFICCNB26-012

Solicitation Number: RFICCNB26-012

Issuing Organization: Government of New Brunswick

Solicitation Type: TN - Tender Notice

Location: New Brunswick

Publication date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-09

Contact name: Yassine Daoui

Contact email: 1 (506) 252-6335

AI Overview:
A Request for Information (RFI) to establish a pool of qualified professional translators to support strategic projects requiring translation of pedagogical, administrative, promotional, and institutional content in both official languages.

Description:
Cette RFI ne constitue pas un appel d'offres. Utilis e pour analyse du march
Le Coll ge communautaire du Nouveau-Brunswick (CCNB) m ne plusieurs projets strat giques n cessitant la traduction de contenus p dagogiques, administratifs, promotionnels et institutionnels afin d'assurer l'accessibilit , la coh rence et la qualit de ses communications dans les deux langues officielles.
Cette d marche vise mieux comprendre les capacit s du march et constituer un bassin de traducteurs professionnels qualifi s pouvant tre sollicit s au besoin, pour une p riode d termin e, afin de soutenir les projets institutionnels selon les priorit s organisationnelles.
Cette demande d'information (RFI) ne constitue pas un appel d'offres et n'engage pas le CCNB attribuer un contrat. Les renseignements recueillis permettront d'identifier des ressources externes capables d'offrir des services fiables et adapt s aux r alit s du Coll ge.
This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice.
The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized service provider.
The Coll ge Communautaire du Nouveau-Brunswick reserves the right to negotiate pricing, value added and other savings opportunities with the successful proponent at time of award and throughout the contract.
Written questions relating to this opportunity may be submitted to the address provided below via email. Please be sure to include the solicitation/tender number in the subject line.
EMAIL ADDRESS: Approvisionnement-Procurement@ccnb.ca
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.