Title: Renewable Energy Potential Mapping - JOINT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL Renewable Energy Potential Mapping Climate and Environment

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005045015

Solicitation Number: Renewable Energy Potential Mapping

Issuing Organization: Resort Municipality of Whistler

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Contact name: Charlotte Reid

Contact email: climatechange@whistler.ca

AI Overview:
Two partnered communities are seeking proposals to conduct a renewable energy resource assessment to better understand renewable energy potential and advance their community climate action plans.

Description:
The RMOW and DOS are inviting qualified Proponents to submit proposals to conduct a renewable energy resource assessment for the RMOW and DOS. The two communities have partnered to better understand renewable energy potential across their communities to advance their community climate action plans.
Renewable energy offers unique opportunities for communities to address local and global energy challenges. By accelerating the adoption of community-scale renewable energy, local governments can drive economic benefits, enhance resilience, and reduce GHG emissions.
The purpose of this project will be to conduct a desktop assessment of renewable energy potential within the RMOW and DOS and identify priority opportunities and pathways for renewable energy deployment in each community.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
Resort Municipality of Whistler