Title: 5P468-26-0035/A - Phase 1 - Two Jack Lakeside Utilities Upgrade Design and Construction Administration, Banff National Park

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-75-14988711

Solicitation Number: 5P468-26-0035/A

Issuing Organization: Parks Canada Agency (PC)

Solicitation Type: ITQ - Invitation to Quote (Informal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-13

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Contact name: Alison Guilford

Contact email: (204) 390-7234

Contact phone: alison.guilford@pc.gc.ca

Description:
BIDS RECEIVED BY FAX AND EMAIL WILL BE ACCEPTED AS OFFICIAL.
PARKS CANADA IS NOT CURRENTLY ACCEPTING BIDS VIA SAP ARIBA, YOU MUST SUBMIT YOUR BID VIA FAX OR EMAIL AS INDICATED IN THE SOLICITATION DOCUMENT.
BIDS RECEIVED IN-PERSON OR BY COURIER WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.
The only acceptable email address for responses to the bid solicitation is soumissionsami-bidsrpc@pc.gc.ca. Bids submitted by email directly to the Contracting Authority or to any email address other than soumissionsami-bidsrpc@pc.gc.ca will not be accepted.
The only acceptable facsimile for responses to bid solicitations is 1-855-983-1808.
The maximum email file size that Parks Canada is capable of receiving is 15 megabytes. The Bidder is responsible for any failure attributable to the transmission or receipt of the emailed bid due to file size.
The Bidder should be cognisant of the size of the email as a whole, and not only the attachments. Please take into consideration that some attachments, when sent, may be resized during the email transfer. If the email size is too large, the Bidder should send the bid in multiple emails properly labeled with the solicitation number, project name, and indicate how many emails are included (ex. 1 of 2).
Emails with links to bid documents will not be accepted. Bid documents must be sent as email attachments.
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS (SI)
This is a two-stage selection process. Proponents responding to this selection process are requested to submit a proposal in two phases. This posting is the first phase (Phase One) of a two-stage solicitation process: the first phase will evaluate the qualifications of all interested suppliers; the second phase (Phase Two) will invite the qualified suppliers to provide further qualifications and a financial proposal on the project based on the specifications and drawings. Upon award of contract in Phase Two the pre-qualification list will expire and will not be used in any other solicitation. The qualification list will expire within 180 days or upon award of a contract in Phase Two, whichever is earlier, and the prequalification list will not be used in any other solicitation.
Following the evaluation of the submissions of Phase One, proponents will be advised of their qualification result and the status of the tender. Parks Canada reserves the right to re-issue Phase One via a /B solicitation if it is determined there is insufficient competition to proceed with Phase Two. Proponents that have qualified in Phase One /A will not be required to resubmit on the Phase One /B. Proponents that failed to demonstrate compliance on the Phase One /A may resubmit and will be considered in Phase One. Phase Two Proponents will be provided a REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) for further qualifications and the financial evaluation in relation to the specifications and drawings.
LIST OF PRE-QUALIFIED BIDDERS:
A list of pre-qualified bidders from Phase One will not be released. Contract award notice of the successful bidder of Phase Two will be posted on http://canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
PARTNER WITH ANOTHER BUSINESS:
Potential and interested sub-contractors are invited to add their company’s name under the section “Partner with another business”.
REQUIREMENT
Parks Canada Agency (PCA) is seeking to retain an Engineering Consultant to provide comprehensive professional services for the design and construction administration of potable water and wastewater infrastructure at the Two Jack Lakeside Campground in Banff National Park. The existing systems are aging and, in several instances, are no longer aligned with current regulatory requirements, operational standards, or long-term asset management objectives.
PERIOD OF CONTRACT / DELIVERY DATE
The consultant must perform and complete the services described in the project statement by December 1, 2028.
ENQUIRIES
All enquiries of a technical and contractual nature are to be submitted to the Contracting Authority.
Enquiries regarding this solicitation must be submitted in writing and should be received no later than five (5) business days prior to the date set for solicitation closing to allow sufficient time to provide a response. Enquiries received after that time may result in an answer NOT being provided.
INFORMATION
National Parks Regulations require that all work is to be performed in accordance with the ordinances, laws, rules and regulations set out in the National Park Act.
Bidders that consider themselves qualified to provide this Work and intend to submit bids on this project should obtain documents from the Government Electronic Tendering Service through the Government of Canada tendering service at http://canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the Government of Canada tendering service. Bidders that elect to base their bids on documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk. Late submissions will not be considered.
The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Parks Canada has made every effort to provide equivalent documents in both official languages, however, if you find any discrepancies between the English and French documents, please notify the contract officer listed in this opportunity as soon as possible so that we can rectify the situation.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.