Title: 01B68-25-1256 - BSA Power Platform Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-282-57685544

Solicitation Number: 01B68-25-1256

Issuing Organization: Department of Agriculture and Agri-Food (AAFC)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-07

Contact name: Val Judenne

Contact email: 5555

Contact phone: val.judenne@agr.gc.ca

Description:
The Information Systems Branch (ISB) of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) has ongoing requirements on an “as and when requested” basis for experienced IM/IT professionals to:
1. support AAFC’s adoption of Microsoft’s Power Platform line of business intelligence, application development, and application connectivity software components and technologies; and
2. to provide specialized expertise required to meet its solution development requirements
This requirement is to establish a Task Authorization Contract with a qualified TBIPS Supply Arrangement (SA) Holder for services in the National Capital Region (NCR).
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.