Title: WS5634453382 - EZ113-260653 - Phase 1 - Clinton Creek Quarry and Haul Program

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5634453382-Doc5671643807

Solicitation Number: WS5634453382

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: ITQ - Invitation to Quote (Informal)

Location: Yukon

Publication date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Contact name: Camara, Oulematou (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: oulematou.camara@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
The Work under this project will largely consist of site preparation and maintenance, drilling, blasting, quarrying, processing, testing, and hauling aggregate materials near Clinton Creek, Yukon.
A Quarry site at KM 63 on HWY-9 (Top of the World Highway) will be used for aggregate production, and finished materials will need to be transported to Stockpile sites at Clinton Creek Mine, located approximately 100 km northwest from Dawson City, Yukon. Both the Quarry site and the Stockpile sites will need to be prepared which includes clearing, grubbing, stripping, rough grading and establishing required erosion and sedimentation controls.
The Contractor will be responsible for the extraction, production, and transport of approximately 42,000 tonnes of aggregate material, with particle sizes ranging from a D50 of 300 mm to 800 mm. Additional quantities of smaller aggregate material, may also be required.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.