Title: WS5667588652 - EC016-261530 - RFP Dorchester Penitentiary District Heating Underground Piping Replacement

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5667588652-Doc5667760486

Solicitation Number: WS5667588652

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: New Brunswick

Publication date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Contact name: Castillo Nieto, Carlos (SPAC/PSPC) (il-le-lui / he-him-his)

Contact email: carlos.castillonieto@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
The response time deadline is 14:00 EST. Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC) is seeking professional services to assist in the design (required) and construction phase services (optional) for the replacement of a portion of the district heating underground pipe system. This is a request for proposals (RFP) against Supply Arrangement (SA) EB129-192368 - Heavy Civil - Municipal Engineering. The invited firms qualified under the Municipal Engineering discipline for the province of New Brunswick are: Englobe Corp; WSP Canada Inc.; R.V. Anderson Associates Ltd.; Roy Consultants; Dillon Consulting; Stantec Consulting; EXP Services Inc.; GHD Limited; Hatch Ltd; Mitchelmore Engineering; AtkinsRealis; GEMTEC; Parsons Inc.; AECOM Canada Ltd.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.