Title: 100031882 - Performance Measurement Consultant - Benefits Management for the Human Resources Services Branch Modernization Programme and Workforce Management Project.

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-821-44354192

Solicitation Number: 100031882

Issuing Organization: Department of Employment and Social Development (ESDC)

Location: Dates

Publication date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-01

Contact name: Joshua De Sousa

Contact email: nc-solicitations-gd@hrsdc-rhdcc.gc.ca

Description:
Employment and Social Development Canada is seeking the services of a Senior Performance measurement consultant to assist in assessing and refining the Benefits management framework of the Human Resources Services Branch Modernization Programme and the Workforce Management Project.
The tasks under this requirement include developing data collection and compilation tools, reporting tools, preparing benefits reports to support benefits management for both the programme and project and develop reporting requirements for staffing operations and management.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.