Title: 21401-32-5173097 - High Voltage Inspections - Ontario Region

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-680-37938805

Solicitation Number: 21401-32-5173097

Issuing Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Location: Ontario

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Contact name: Robin Riha

Contact email: (613) 328-9727

Contact phone: robin.riha@csc-scc.gc.ca

Description:
High-Voltage Equipment Inspection Services
This requirement is for: The Correctional Service of Canada (CSC), Ontario Region.
This requirement is divided into two service areas. Bidders may submit a bid for one or both service areas.
CSC may award up to two contracts, one for each service area.
Trade agreement: Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), Canada free trade agreements with Chile/Colombia/Honduras/Panama, Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement:
This solicitation is open only to Canadian suppliers and to Suppliers of an applicable trading partner.
Competitive Procurement Strategy: lowest priced compliant bid for each service area.
Set-aside under the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business:
This procurement is not subject to any set-asides for Indigenous Suppliers.
Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement:
This procurement is not subject to a Comprehensive Land Claims Agreement.
Security Requirements:
This contract does not include security requirements.
Nature of Requirements:
The following is a summary of the statement of work for this requirement.
The Correctional Service Canada (CSC) requires the services of a certified contractor to perform High Voltage inspections, testing and routine maintenance at multiple locations throughout the Ontario Region.
Objectives: To provide one-year, three-year and six-year inspections on High Voltage Equipment to all Federal Institutions in the Ontario Region.
Deliverables:
The Contractor must:
1. Complete the inspections, testing and routine maintenance of high-voltage electrical equipment, including thermographic surveys, automatic transfer switch maintenance, ultrasonic surveys and electrical maintenance and inspection in accordance with regulatory testing intervals on High Voltage Equipment in the Ontario Region as per Infrastructure Health and Safety Association (IHSA), American National Standards Institute (ANSI), Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) or Canadian Standards Association (CSA) standards.
When inspecting equipment for evidence of overheating, the Contractor must use infrared thermography, and when inspecting for mechanical integrity, corona and arcing, the Contractor must do an ultrasonic inspection.
2. Carry out the work with trained and qualified personnel, experienced in the particular type of services and procedures required for maintenance, inspection and testing.
3. Coordinate all testing and shutdown in conjunction with CSC’s Technical Authority or designated personnel.
4. Provide individual final report(s) for all maintenance, testing and inspections conducted at each site. The Technical Authority will review and accept the final report(s) The reports must include approved individual test reports, recommendations for remedial work and cost estimations for all required deficiency repairs.
Performance Standards:
1. The Contractor must have qualified personnel who hold either a valid National Institute for Certification in Engineering Technologies (NICET) Minimum level 2 - certification or National Electrical Testing Association (NETA) Minimum level 2 - certification for the duration of the contract.
The Contractor’s qualified personnel must include a minimum of one of the following roles:
a) High Voltage Electrician
b) High Voltage CET
c) Electrical Engineer
d) Certified Relay Technician
2. Perform all electrical maintenance, inspections and testing in accordance with the following schedule:
a) The Contractor must perform all thermographic and automatic transfer switch maintenance work annually.
b) The Contractor must perform the balance of the work in intervals of one, three or six years as specified in the Scope of Work.
c) The Contractor must include annual work as part of all work for the three-year inspection period.
d) The Contractor must include all annual and three-year work as part of all work the six-year inspection period.
Any conditions for participation of suppliers not specified in solicitation documentation: none.
Estimated quantity of commodity: see solicitation document statement of work and basis of payment.
Duration of Contract and Time Frame for Delivery:
Period of the Contract: The Work is to be performed during the period of June 1st, 2026, to May 31st, 2032.
File Number: 21401-29-5173097
Contracting Authority: Robin Riha
Telephone number: 613-328-9727
E-mail: robin.riha@csc-scc.gc.ca
NOTE TO BIDDERS: Bidders can obtain the complete statement of work and evaluation criteria by downloading the solicitation document and associated documents from the Canada buys / tender opportunities website.
The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada (English or French).
After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
Procurement Assistance Canada (PAC) offers seminars to businesses interested in learning how to sell goods and services to the Government of Canada. The seminars are FREE.
Topics include:
? Understand the federal procurement process;
? Learn about searching for opportunities;
? Find out how to bid on opportunities;
? Discover how to prepare to sell to the government.
The full schedule of seminars can be found on the Procurement Assistance Canada website, under find an event (Procurement Assistance Canada: Find an event - Canada.ca).
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.