Title: 26-316673-TOKYO-SL - B2B Program for Team Canada Trade Mission to Japan

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-67-68010775

Solicitation Number: 26-316673-TOKYO-SL

Issuing Organization: Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (GAC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Publication date: 2026-04-10

Closing date: 2026-04-20

Contact name: Sarah-Lynn Laventure

Contact email: (613) 290-4605

Contact phone: internationalproposals@international.gc.ca

Description:
The Embassy of Canada to Japan requires the services of a Contractor to provide business-to-business matchmaking services for a select number of small and medium-sized Canadian enterprises (SMEs) with strong potential to address opportunities in Japan and generate tangible business outcomes. The B2B program will take place in Tokyo from June 23 to 26, 2026.
The Trade Mission will focus on five (5) priority sectors:
• Defence and security, including aerospace and advanced manufacturing
• Information and communication technologies, including artificial intelligence
• Clean technologies and energy transition
• Agriculture and agri-food including fish and seafood
• Forestry and forest products
For more information, please refer to the Request for Proposals documents in the bidding details section.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.