Title: 20260002 - Financial Audit of Power Corporation, Northwest Territories

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-523-44013639

Solicitation Number: 20260002

Issuing Organization: Office of the Auditor General (OAG)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Contact name: Michel Daoud

Contact email: suppliers@oag-bvg.gc.ca

Description:
The Office of the Auditor General of Canada (OAG) is conducting an annual financial audit for the Government of Northwest Territories (GNWT) entity Northwest Territories Power Corporation (NTPC). NTPC is consolidated by Northwest Territories Hydro Corporation (NTHC), and NTHC is considered a significant component of GNWT. NTPC’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with Canadian public sector accounting standards.
The OAG requires the professional services of a Contractor to assist the OAG audit team in conducting the audit work at year-end related to the annual financial audit in accordance with Generally Accepted Auditing Standards and OAG audit and documentation standards.
The OAG requires the professional services of one (1) auditor/consultant.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.