Title: RFP 26-01 - RFP #26-01 Consulting Services for Physical Security Audit

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005044456

Solicitation Number: RFP 26-01

Issuing Organization: North Vancouver Recreation & Culture Commission

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-06-15

Contact name: Nisha Reddy Kontham

Contact email: 604-983-6313

Contact phone: Purchasing@nvrc.ca

AI Overview:
The NVRC seeks qualified consultant firms to provide a comprehensive physical security audit for 8 recreational facilities, assessing current security measures, identifying vulnerabilities and risks, and recommending improvements to enhance overall security for patrons and staff.

Description:
The NVRC invites detailed Proposals from qualified consultant firms (“Proponents”) with expertise in physical security services for the provision of a comprehensive security audit for 8 recreational facilities. The selected firm will be responsible for assessing the current state of physical security measures, identifying vulnerabilities, risks, mitigation measures and recommending improvements to enhance the overall security of each facility. A mandatory sample report of previous work is to be submitted with the initial proposal.
The primary objectives of the physical security audit are:
• Assess effectiveness of existing physical security measures, especially regarding visiting patrons and staff on site. The parkade and parking lots are to be included in this assessment.
• Identify vulnerabilities and weaknesses in current security infrastructure.
• Assess and make improvements to emergency exit procedures.
• Evaluate compliance with relevant regulatory standards and best practices.
• Provide recommendations for mitigating identified risks and improving security.
• Provide documentation of security policies, procedures, and all findings in a clear and concise report with visuals where possible.
• To improve overall security posture for all patrons, visitors, and staff on site.
Optional Site / Information Meeting
An optional site/information meeting is scheduled for
May 27, 2026, 9 AM
for the NVRC to discuss its requirements under this RFP. The meeting will commence at the below stated location and proceed to different locations from there Site Meeting Location
1733 Lions Gate Ln, North Vancouver, BC V7P 0C7
While attendance is optional, Proponents are encouraged to attend in order to familiarize themselves with the required scope of Services and as to the site conditions. A Proponent not attending the site meeting will be presumed to have satisfied himself as to all scope of Services requirements and site conditions.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.