Title: CMHC-SCHL-RFSA-4175 - Legal Services Retainer Agreements

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-866-86919151

Solicitation Number: CMHC-SCHL-RFSA-4175

Issuing Organization: Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CNHC)

Solicitation Type: RFSA - Request for Supply Arrangement (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-11

Closing date: 2026-06-19

Contact name: Mike Shellard

Contact email: mshellar@cmhc-schl.gc.ca

Description:
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (“CMHC”) is the Government of Canada’s National Housing Agency, with a mandate to help Canadians gain access to a wide choice of quality, affordable homes. It is a Crown Corporation, with a Board of Directors, reporting to Housing, Infrastructure and Communities Canada.
The business centre areas are divided into five regions: Atlantic; Quebec; Ontario; British Columbia; and Prairies & Territories.
With this Request for Supply Arrangement (“RFSA”), CMHC is seeking prospective respondents to provide legal services for various areas of law.
Respondents may submit responses for any or all of these categories.
Category A. General Corporate and Commercial Advisory Services
Category B. Employment and Labour and Pension and Benefits
Category C. Litigation and Dispute Resolution
Category D. Commercial and Finance Transactions
Category E. Real Estate
Category F. Default Management and Prevention
Category G. Indigenous Law
Category H. Capital Markets
Category I. Information Technology
Category J. Other
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.