Title: RFP 20251069 - Supply, Delivery and/or Installation of Acoustic Panels

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-80-63472382

Solicitation Number: RFP 20251069

Issuing Organization: Office of the Auditor General (OAG)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-05

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Contact name: Joelle Ricciuti

Contact email: suppliers@oag-bvg.gc.ca

Description:
The Office of the Auditor General has a requirement for the supply and delivery of between 4,000 and 5,000 square feet of P.E.T. acoustic panels and provide optional installation of acoustic panels for approximately 96 rooms to improve both the aesthetics and acoustic performance at the Office of the Auditor General of Canada (OAG) premises.
For greater clarity, the Panels will be selected from standard shapes, colours, and sizes offered by the Contractor, in accordance with approved specifications. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada.
Electronic Submission of Bids
This requirement uses electronic receipts of bids by e-mail only. For details, please review the section entitled Electronic Submissions in the solicitation document.
Bids must be submitted by e-mail only to: suppliers@oag-bvg.gc.ca
Security Requirement: None
Applicable Trade Agreements: Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA); Canada - Korea Free Trade Agreement.
Debriefings
Bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days from receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.