Title: WS5676143303 - Mechanical & Electrical Engineering Supply Arrangement - Refresh E

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5676143303-Doc5676146124

Solicitation Number: WS5676143303

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: ITQ - Invitation to Quote (Informal)

Location: New Brunswick Nova Scotia Prince Edward Island Newfoundland and Labrador

Publication date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-07-03

Contact name: Miller, Rachel (SPAC/PSPC) (elle-la / she-her)

Contact email: rachel.miller@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC) requires Mechanical and Electrical Engineering services for projects located in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island, and Newfoundland and Labrador. Locations subject to Comprehensive Land Claim Agreements are excluded.
This Supply Arrangement (SA) includes two Discipline Services: Mechanical Engineering and Electrical Engineering. Suppliers must identify the geographic area(s) and indicate at least one Discipline Service for which they wish to qualify. Suppliers may select one or more geographic regions. There is no limit to the number of SA’s that may be issued as a result of this Request for SA. All inquiries must be submitted through the SAP Ariba messaging function no later than 7 calendar days before the closing date. Late inquiries may not be answered. All interested suppliers are invited to submit a proposal. Bidders may request a debriefing within 15 working days of receiving notice that their bid was unsuccessful. Issuing Office: Atlantic Region Acquisitions Halifax, NS. Proposals may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Refer to the solicitation for details.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.