Title: TSB-2026-4004785 - NPP - TSB - IM_IT Research and Advisory Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-373-56352528

Solicitation Number: TSB-2026-4004785

Issuing Organization: Canadian Transportation Accident Investigation and Safety Board (TSB)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-05-12

Closing date: 2026-06-03

Contact name: Nicholas Warren

Contact email: (873) 353-5855

Contact phone: Nicholas.Warren@bst-tsb.gc.ca

Description:
The Transportation Safety Board (TSB) requires the services of a contractor to support the TSB in strengthening its internal capabilities through professional services in analysis, research, consulting, and strategic support. Emerging trends, operational needs, technological challenges, and governance requirements necessitate continuous access to independent expertise, up to date resources, and tailored advice.
This requirement is open only to Supply Arrangement Holders under EN578-260567 who are qualified for Multi-Tier, IM/IT Research and Advisory Services in the National Capital Region under the following categories:
Tier 1: Executive level (CIOs, Director Generals)
Tier 2: Middle-Management level (Senior Directors, Directors)
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.