Title: 202603995 - Architectural and Engineering (A&E) Services for CUAS Program Site Improvements, Ottawa, ON

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-603-46088665

Solicitation Number: 202603995

Issuing Organization: Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Contact name: Melissa Ruest

Contact email: melissa.ruest@rcmp-grc.gc.ca

Description:
Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) requires the services of an architectural firm (the “Consultant”) together with a multi-disciplinary team of sub-consultants for the provision of services required to for the renovation and expansion of the TPOF Building and existing CDT Test Area located in Ottawa, ON.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement: This solicitation of bids is open only to Canadian suppliers and to Suppliers of an applicable trading partner.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.