Title: 227793 - RFEI 2026-27-001 - Cara Centre Pharmacy Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004996144

Solicitation Number: 227793

Issuing Organization: Interior Health Authority

Solicitation Type: EOI - Expression of Interest (Informal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-04-27

Contact name: Bryonie Montagliani

Contact email: RequestsForProposals@interiorhealth.ca

AI Overview:
Expression of Interest requested for qualified organizations to provide comprehensive Pharmacy Services for a tertiary mental health facility, including prescription medications, clinical pharmacist consultation, and 24/7 on-call availability.

Description:
Interior Health Authority is requesting Expressions of Interest (RFEI) from qualified organizations able to provide Pharmacy Services to Cara Centre in the community of Kelowna, BC.
Tertiary Mental Health Pharmacy Services include provision of prescription medications, over-the-counter medications (OTC's), and stock or contingency medications and associated supplies as well as clinical pharmacist review and consultation, on a day-to-day and urgent services basis. Services also maintaining a complete medication profile for each client as well as medication profiles and medication administrations records (MAR’s) as required and ensure compliance with the Authority standards, client medication reconciliations, medication room audits, and participation in multi-disciplinary rounds. Services are required for day-to-day and urgent pharmacy services inclusive of delivery during the organization’s operating hours, and on-call availability 24/7 365 days a year, if and where required on an emergent basis. Cara Centre supports clients with complex mental health and substance use conditions. Provision of opioid agonist therapy will be required.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.