Title: 2026-008 - Project: tender_21731 - Regional Primary Care Clinical Lead

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005007558

Solicitation Number: 2026-008

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: EOI - Expression of Interest (Informal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Contact name: Rachel White

Contact email: rachel.white@ontariohealth.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking qualified family physicians or nurse practitioners for Regional Primary Care Clinical Lead positions to provide clinical leadership and collaborate with regional interest holders on primary care evolution.

Description:
Ontario Health is seeking expressions of interest from qualified family physicians or nurse practitioners practicing in primary care for the position of Regional Primary Care Clinical Lead. This is a unique opportunity to collaborate with regional interest holders and provide clinical leadership to the evolution of primary care in Ontario. Reporting directly to the Vice President, Clinical Programs for the corresponding Ontario Health Region, with indirect reporting and accountability to the Provincial Primary Care Clinical Lead, this role plays an instrumental role in shaping regional primary care delivery systems and implementing regional initiatives aligned to provincial priorities.
For each Ontario Health Region, the following number of opportunities are available and open to all qualified candidates:
Number of roles
Ontario Health Region North East - 1 role
Ontario Health Region East - 1 role
Ontario Health Region West - 1 role
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/