Title: ISED216370 - Organization and Management of Canada’s Presence at the Paris and Farnborough International Airshows in 2027 and 2028

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-420-86600317

Solicitation Number: ISED216370

Issuing Organization: Department of Industry (ISED)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-04-30

Contact name: Jessica Cadieux

Contact email: Jessica.Cadieux@ised-isde.gc.ca

Description:
The International Paris Air Show (PAS) and the Farnborough International Airshow (FIA) are the largest trade events for the global aerospace and defence industry, drawing up to 300,000 visitors each year. These flagship events represent important opportunities to showcase and promote the Canadian industry to the global market. Each year, the PAS and FIA attract approximately 500 Canadians, representing 150 Canadian companies and government organizations. Alternating on opposite years, the next PAS will take place in June 2027, followed by FIA in July 2028.
The coordination of Canada’s physical presence at PAS and FIA is led by Innovation, Science and Economic Development’s (ISED) Aerospace, Defence and Marine Branch. Canada’s participation at these flagship events typically includes the organization of ministerial and senior management programs, business-to-business meeting programs for companies, industry and government speaker series events, and networking events for the benefit of the Canadian aerospace industry. This work is supported by an organizing committee that includes members from national and provincial aerospace associations, provincial governments, and federal departments and agencies.
The request allows for a single, unified image of Canada at PAS and FIA and helps promote Canada as a leader in the global aerospace industry. Specifically, the intention is to:
1. support trade, investment and competitiveness by showcasing and promoting Canadian industry to a large international audience;
2. provide opportunities for networking and the establishment of relationships that could lead to new sales and major product mandates;
3. provide small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with an affordable entry point to exhibit at an international trade show; and,
4. help inform Canadian firms about international business opportunities.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.