Title: Dc-2026-JW-03 - Investment Attraction Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-973-18289857

Solicitation Number: Dc-2026-JW-03

Issuing Organization: Destination Canada (DC)

Solicitation Type: RFSO - Request for Standing Offer (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Contact name: Jennie Wong

Contact email: (604) 638-8317

Contact phone: procurement@destinationcanada.com

Description:
The purpose of this Request for Supplier Qualification (the “RFSQ”) is to solicit proposals for Investment Attraction services . The RFSQ encompasses four (4) distinct Scopes of Work; please see Statement of Work (Section C) for detailed requirements.
• Scope of Work A: Strategy, Advisory, Research, and Program Delivery Support
• Scope of Work B: Investment Opportunity Development and Project Structuring
• Scope of Work C: Investor Targeting, Marketing, Communications and Engagement
• Scope of Work D: Training and Capacity Building
Proponents may submit a proposal for one (1) or more Scopes of Work listed in Section C Statement of Work. Submissions can be for a single Scope of Work or for multiple Scopes of Work.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.