Title: CIC - 159922 - Secondary School Engagement

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-381-86496025

Solicitation Number: CIC - 159922

Issuing Organization: Department of Citizenship & Immigration (IRCC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-06-23

Contact name: David Fisher

Contact email: IRCC.BidsReceiving-Receptiondessoumissions.IRCC@cic.gc.ca

Description:
This requirement is for the creation of interactive questions and online courses regarding the International Experience Canada's (IEC) program. The questions and courses will then be posted online and the goal is to promote IEC’s international experience program through the questions/answers, courses, and research on IEC and Immigration Refugees and Citizenship Canada websites.
Canada is seeking to establish a contract for an online platform solution until March 31st, 2028 with one (1) additional option year.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.