Title: AGCO 082-25 Multi lot - Project: tender_21784 - AGCO 082-25 Services for Regulatory Assurance of Gaming

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005038922

Solicitation Number: AGCO 082-25 Multi lot

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: RFB - Request for Bid (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-12

Closing date: 2026-06-16

Contact name: Biljana Tisma

Contact email: biljana.tisma@agco.ca

AI Overview:
The AGCO seeks ISO/IEC 17025:2017 Accredited Independent Testing Laboratories to provide regulatory assurance services for gaming equipment, including security assessments, audit and testing services, technical inspections, and research related to integrity issues.

Description:
The AGCO is seeking through this RFB process to obtain a list of Vendors able to provide some or all Deliverables as outlined in this RFB (see Section 1.3). The goal is to have a group of ISO/IEC 17025:2017 Accredited Independent Testing Laboratories (ITLs) assist the AGCO and the Registrar with services for Regulatory Assurance of gaming.
The services provided under this RFB include, among other things, ongoing education and training to AGCO staff, security assessments, audit and testing services to ensure that gaming equipment meets regulatory requirements in place in Ontario, as well as technical inspections, technical research, and related reports related to integrity issues arising in respect of gaming equipment, including cheat at play, fraud, and similar matters.
The AGCO does not guarantee or represent to a successful Bidder any volume of work, eligibility for registration, or ability to provide services to gaming-related suppliers.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/