Title: AB-2026-03440 - RFP 26-1540 Bowness Park Lagoon Water Loss Remediation

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005023829

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03440

Issuing Organization: The City of Calgary

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Contact name: City of Calgary

Contact email: 403-268-5540

AI Overview:
A qualified engineering consulting firm is required to provide multi-disciplinary engineering consulting services for a water loss remediation project at a park lagoon, covering Phase 1 pre-design and Phase 2 preliminary design activities.

Description:
The City of Calgary requires a qualified engineering consulting firm to provide multi-disciplinary engineering consulting services for the water loss remediation project at Bowness Park Lagoon.
This project anticipates the following Phases:
Phase 1 Pre-design, including document review, data compilation, site reconnaissance, mapping, geotechnical and hydrological assessments. Phase 2 Preliminary Design, including design options, landscape rehabilitation plans, environmental and regulatory approvals.
This RFP is intended to secure consulting services exclusively for Phase 1 and Phase 2 only.
The overall project’s goal is to investigate the lagoon’s water system holistically, propose a location for a new lagoon boat ramp and identify solutions to reduce water loss from the lagoon’s bed and stabilize water levels, ensuring safe and sustainable summer boating activities and winter operations for public skating and City maintenance activities.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.