Title: WS5670747715 - W0125-26WR15 Volmet System Replacement

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5670747715-Doc5670809393

Solicitation Number: WS5670747715

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Publication date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Contact name: Ramnarine, Vashti (SPAC/PSPC) (elle-la / she-her)

Contact email: vashti.ramnarine@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Please note that late submissions will not be considered or accepted. Where to find amendments to the tender document: The event messages tab and/or the event contents section in the SAP Business Network event. It is important you regularly check both. Where to submit questions about the tender document: The event messages tab of this event. Do not use the Q&A section appearing on the SAP Business Network Discovery website. Ensure you are fully registered in CanadaBuys/SAP Ariba!
Title: VOLMET Replacement System Requirement: for the supply, delivery and installation of (1) VOLMET replacement system. CFB Trenton MAC site is seeking VOLMET replacement system ensuring the continuous and automated dissemination of meteorological data in compliance with ICAO Annex 3 Standards. Will include fully automated system capable of real-time weather broadcasting over HF, VHF and digital channels The contractor must provide delivery and installation to CFB Trenton MAC site as well as training, testing, certification, technical documentation, sustainment and in-service support for the duration of the contract. All other details and requirements as listed in the SOR. The full Request for Proposal (RFP) and attachments can only be accessed and downloaded when logged into your SAP Ariba account and you have filled out your Government of Canada profile.
All amendments to this RFP will be posted in the Event Messages board in SAP Ariba.
Ms. Vashti Ramnarine
Acquisitions | Ontario Region - Approvisionnements | Région de l’Ontariovashti.ramnarine@pwgsc-tpsgc.gc.ca / Tel: 289-772-7284 - / Tél : 289-772-7284
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.