Title: PT-2025-RTSF-125 - Construction Services for Mount Pleasant Drivers' Facility

Status: Time Left to Bid

Reference Number: 0000321124

Location: 54 Commuter Dr, Brampton, ON L7A 0R3

Contact name: - Bid Deposit Required

Description:
Call For Tenders
Tender No.
PT-2025-RTSF-125
Construction Services for Mount Pleasant Drivers' Facility
Metrolinx is accepting submissions for Construction Services for Mount Pleasant Drivers' Facility. The work includes, but is not limited to:
Environmental protection,
Traffic Control,
Removals,
Underground Services,
Grading,
New Driver’s Building,
Road Occupancy Permit,
External Service Connection, and
Training and Commissioning.
OPTIONAL SITE MEETING:
A ​Optional​ Site Meeting will be held as follows:
Date: ​Tuesday, May 12, 2026​
Time: 10:30 a.m. Toronto Ontario Time.
Location: 54 Commuter Dr, Brampton, ON L7A 0R3
​​Bidders​ must register by submitting to the Senior Procurement Officer a signed “Release of Liability Form” at least 24 hours prior to the site meeting.
​​Bidders​ are required to wear PPE, including hard hats, safety boots, safety vests and safety glasses, at the site meeting.
Failure to satisfy these safety requirements will result in exclusion from the site.
BID DEPOSIT:
Each Submission must be accompanied by a
bid deposit in the amount of $100,000.00
, in the form of a bid bond or certified cheque payable to Metrolinx.
BID SUBMISSION:
ELECTRONIC BID SUBMISSION will be accepted until
3:00 p.m. on ​​Thursday, June 11, 2026​.
***NOTE: ELECTRONIC BID SUBMISSION***
Your Submission for this opportunity must be sent to Metrolinx through the use of MetrolinxMERX EBS. ​Bidders​ shall be solely responsible for the delivery of their Submission using MetrolinxMERX EBS by the Closing, in accordance with the Instructions to Bidders.
Only ​Bidders​ who possess the following experience and qualifications will be considered for award of this Contract:
Has satisfactorily completed contracts for work similar in scope, magnitude and complexity as "the Work of this Contract"; and
achieved at least one (1) of the following safety requirements:
A. CORTM Certified status with the Infrastructure Health and Safety Association (IHSA); or
B. ISO 45001 certification; or \
C. Out-of-Province COR™ Reciprocity (for bidding purposes only) through IHSA. For more information on COR™ Reciprocity please reference the IHSA website at
https://www.ihsa.ca
.
Metrolinx reserves the right to reject any or all Submissions at its sole discretion.
See more