Title: File 2026-016 - Community Energy Systems Feasibility Study

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005031959

Solicitation Number: File 2026-016

Issuing Organization: City of Charlottetown

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Prince Edward Island

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Contact name: Connie McGaugh

Contact email: tenders@charlottetown.ca

AI Overview:
A feasibility study is required to develop a roadmap for implementing community-scale renewable energy systems, addressing identified gaps and providing guidance for potential renewable community energy projects in collaboration with the community.

Description:
The City of Charlottetown is exploring options to implement community scale renewable energy systems. Through the creation of Charlottetown’s Climate Action Plan, extensive engagement with the community, key partners, City Council, and staff across the organization took place. Through this process, the implementation of community renewable energy projects emerged as a priority. However, it was also realized that preliminary work is needed to guide the City in taking meaningful steps in this direction. The proposed project will address identified gaps and result in a feasibility study that provides a roadmap for the City of Charlottetown to implement potential renewable community energy systems, in collaboration with the community.
Electricity accounts for approximately 27% of Charlottetown’s total energy usage and, with the Government of PEI’s push to reach net zero by 2040, more and more energy sources are being converted to electricity. For example, transportation is the highest emission sector in Charlottetown, and, with that, there are associated electrification goals at both the municipal and provincial level.
Approximately 15% of PEI’s electricity is generated through on-island renewable energy sources. The remainder of electricity is sourced from New Brunswick, which introduces non renewable electricity sources into the mix. This situation also results in PEI having reduced control over electricity sources and reliability, reducing energy security. With current electrification efforts, increasing renewable energy generation in Charlottetown presents a major opportunity to increase energy independence and yield environmental, social, and economic benefits.
Through identifying and laying out a roadmap for the implementation of community renewable energy projects that are specifically aligned with Charlottetown communities, this initiative will have the following anticipated environmental, social, and resilience benefits:
Reduce GHG emissions by decreasing reliance on fossil fuels and increasing renewable energy use in Charlottetown.
Keeping energy dollars within the local economy.
Job creation.
Increased energy security.
Resilience in the face of potential energy
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans
l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
City of Charlottetown