Title: Survey Services for Building Location and Elevation Certification - Survey Services for Building Location and Elevation Certification

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005005740

Solicitation Number: Survey Services for Building Location and Elevation Certification

Issuing Organization: Grand Falls-Windsor

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Newfoundland and Labrador

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-04-30

Contact name: Town of Grand Falls-Windsor

Contact email: tenders@townofgfw.com

AI Overview:
Proposals are being invited for professional land surveying services to support mandatory certification of building location and elevation as part of the building permit process.

Description:
The Town of Grand Falls-Windsor is inviting proposals from qualified proponents to provide professional land surveying services to support mandatory certification of building location and elevation as part of the building permit process.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
Grand Falls-Windsor