Title: 10081380 - THS RFP 13.9 Senior Special Advisor

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-913-75225276

Solicitation Number: 10081380

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Location: Ottawa

Publication date: 2026-05-05

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Contact name: Eric Beaudry

Contact email: eric.beaudry@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
The Special Advisor (Senior) will:
Provide expert-level advice on the interpretation and application of the Government of Canada’s Service and Digital Policy suite, as well as standards set by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) as they relate to information management and managing digital records.
Provide expert-level advice on business transformation processes, including business rules, business data validation processes, and business architectural requirements to gain business efficiencies and support the design and implementation of business service transformation activities to ensure compliance with Contract Security and Control Good Program requirements, TBS directives, standards, and best practices using the Universal Business Model (UBM).
Facilitate alignment between business transformation, digital enablement, and client-centric service design by assessing and developing business process designs, business re-engineering process mapping with business data requirements and associated business validation rules.
Provide strategic recommendations that balance compliance, business transformation, modernization, operational realities, and innovation regarding new service delivery models tied to modernization efforts, including identifying business processing requirements within a cloud environment.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.