Title: ECRS-RFI-2026-4161 - Electoral Operations Supply and Logistics

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-137-33089345

Solicitation Number: ECRS-RFI-2026-4161

Issuing Organization: Office of the Chief Electoral Officer (Elections)

Solicitation Type: RFI - Request for Information (Informal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-13

Closing date: 2026-06-25

Contact name: Ron Shaheen

Contact email: (873) 416-1734

Contact phone: ron.shaheen@elections.ca

Description:
The Office of the Chief Electoral Officer (OCEO), an agent of Parliament, exercises general direction and supervision over the conduct of elections and referendums at the federal level and is commonly known as Elections Canada.
Requirement
Elections Canada’s (EC) has a long term requirement to supply and support Electoral Districts across Canada quickly and for a short period of time with information technology (IT) equipment, services, and related supports, during the lead up and through general elections, by-elections, and referendums, often with little advance notice.
This RFI is intended to gain a better understanding of suppliers’ abilities and limitations in supporting these requirements.
EC is exploring multiple procurement options that may result in a variety of contracting vehicles for one or several service areas and may include integrated solutions, specialized services, regional specific requirements or combinations thereof.
Suppliers, regardless of size and geographical coverage, who can deliver any of these requirements, are invited and requested to outline their service offering, service offering boundaries, and provide feedback in areas such as:
- IT equipment supply
- Software
- Secure storage / Warehousing
- IT support
- Rapid deployment of equipment across Canada
- Telecommunications services (internet, cellphones, satellite).
- Logistics services / packaging and tracking of materials for delivery
Respondents may address any portion of the service areas described, are not expected to propose end-to-end solutions, and as such may provide partial responses to one, some or all of the service area(s).
This RFI is simply intended to solicit feedback from suppliers with respect to the subject matter described herein, potential approaches, risks, and considerations and should not be considered as an authorization to undertake any work that would result in costs being charged to EC.
Included in the RFI are two Annexes, Annex A for Business Context and Outcomes and
Annex B for Questions.
Incumbent
There is no incumbent and the work is currently not being performed by a contractor.
Security
There is no security requirement applicable to this request for information.
Any future procurements will include any necessary security requirements.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.