Title: 228652 - Quantity Surveyor Service for Prefabricated Addition Program

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005019448

Solicitation Number: 228652

Issuing Organization: Infrastructure BC Inc.

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Contact name: Edna Fernandez

Contact email: Edna.Fernandez@infrastructurebc.com

AI Overview:
The Ministry of Infrastructure is establishing a centralised procurement for prefabricated classroom addition projects through an ongoing program. Infrastructure BC is managing the Advisor Selection Process to invite proposals from qualified teams to provide Quantity Surveyor Services for program development.

Description:
The Ministry of Infrastructure (the “Ministry”) is developing a prefabricated addition program to provide much needed classrooms across British Columbia (“B.C.”) (the “Program”).
The intent of the Program is to establish a centralized procurement for prefabricated classroom addition projects for school districts across B.C. The Program will operate as an ongoing program for the Ministry and participating school districts as opposed to a one-off project.
The Ministry has engaged Infrastructure BC Inc. (“Infrastructure BC”) to manage the Advisor Selection Process for the Program. Infrastructure BC supports the public sector by working with owners to deliver complex public infrastructure in an evolving world.
The purpose of this Request for Proposals (“RFP”) is to invite Proposals from qualified and experienced teams to submit Proposals to provide Quantity Surveyor Services in connection with the development of the Program.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.