Title: 25-58169 - Chair of Research Ethics Board (REB) for the National Research Council Canada (NRC)

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-219-63382417

Solicitation Number: 25-58169

Issuing Organization: National Research Council of Canada (NRC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-06-01

Contact name: Ryan Neumeyer

Contact email: (782) 377-6928

Contact phone: Ryan.Neumeyer@nrc-cnrc.gc.ca

Description:
The services of an experienced and qualified individual to serve as the Chair of the National Research Council (NRC) Research Ethics Board (REB) for a period of 2 years (July 1, 2026 to June 30, 2028) with the possibility of four (4) 2-year contract extensions.
The Chair reports to the NRC Senior Ethics Officer and will support the NRC REB in helping the NRC and its researchers maintain high ethical standards in research involving human participants, overseeing the ethical review of research proposals and ensuring that the REB review process conforms to policy requirements and ethical standards.
The role of the REB Chair is to provide overall leadership for the REB and to facilitate the REB review process, based on NRC policies and procedures.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.