Title: AB-2026-03137 - South Fireguard Proposal (2026)

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005009239

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03137

Issuing Organization: Town of Hinton

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-22

Closing date: 2026-05-12

Contact name: Ken Munro

Contact email: kmunro@hinton.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking proposals for the 2026 South Fireguard Project requiring fireguard work within environmentally sensitive areas with specific watercourse considerations. A mandatory pre-bid meeting is scheduled for May 6, 2026.

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Town of Hinton (“the Municipality”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for 2026 South Fireguard Project.
Fireguard work to be completed within the municipal boundaries of the Town of Hinton. Timeframe for work to be completed is influenced by weather conditions and time of year. Unpredictable nature of conditions could require mobilization of crews on short notice.
The area of interest is environmentally sensitive with two zones of Critical Habitat of Aquatic Species at Risk, Happy Creek and Hardisty Creek respectively. These watercourses have a 30-meter buffer on either side of the small permanent streams that will not receive any FireSmart practices nor will they be crossed, at this time. Services must be brought to each buffer from both sides. The proponent must be familiar with watercourse environmental best practices in the Province of Alberta.
The proponent will not be responsible for obtaining any environmental clearances, wildlife sweeps, crossing agreements, road agreements or DFO notifications as these actions are being undertaken by a third party and will be provided to the successful proponent.
Similarly, the successful Proponent will not be responsible for undertaking required Indigenous Consultation nor land surveying services.
The Proponent, however, must include planned watercourse crossing techniques within the proposal scope, including but not limited to: Log Fills, Snow Fills, Ice Bridges or Rig Matting. Full bridge crossings will be out of scope if required and will be supplied by the Town of Hinton. The proponent will include Mobilization and Demobilization costs in the proposal submission.
Information/Pre-bid Meeting**Mandatory
Wed•May 6, 2026•1:30 pm (MT)
Meet at the Fire Hall located in Hinton at 184 Eaton Road. Fire Chief and/or Deputy Fire Chief will be on site to greet and take on a site tour.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.