Title: 1000555239 - Health Assessment Services (HAS)

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-422-52231567

Solicitation Number: 1000555239

Issuing Organization: Canada Revenue Agency (CRA)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Contact name: Quan Do

Contact email: (613) 219-5298

Contact phone: huyquan.do@cra-arc.gc.ca

Description:
The Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) intends to enter into one contract with one contractor for the Health Assessment Services (HAS)
This requirement also includes options to extend the contract up to six (6) additional one-year periods under the same conditions.
The period of the Contract is from the contract award date to August 31, 2028 inclusive.
A bid must comply with the requirements of the bid solicitation and meet all mandatory evaluation criteria to be declared responsive. The responsive bid with the highest combined rating of technical merit and price will be recommended for award of a contract.
Proposal documents and supporting information must be submitted in either English or French.
Questions must be directed in writing to the contracting authority via email: huyquan.do@cra-arc.gc.ca
Bids must be submitted by using the Connect service provided by the Canada Post Corporation. When responding, the proposal MUST be delivered to:
Canada Revenue Agency
Bid Receiving Unit
BRUg@cra-arc.gc.ca
Bids will not be accepted if emailed directly to this email address. This email address must be used to request that CRA open a Connect conversation, as detailed in Standard Instructions 2003. Bidders must not use their own licensing agreement for Connect to initiate a Connect conversation with CRA.
The CRA reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Delivery points will be virtual or in-person in locations across Canada.
There are security requirements associated with this requirement. For additional information, consult the bid solicitation document.
The Federal Contractors Program (FCP) for employment equity applies to this procurement.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.