Title: RFQ-CSTHD509 - RFQ-CSTHD509 - Registered Professional Forester Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005017388

Solicitation Number: RFQ-CSTHD509

Issuing Organization: BC Timber Sales

Solicitation Type: RFQ - Request for Qualifications (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-28

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Contact name: Forests.SeawardTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

Contact email: Forests.SeawardTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

AI Overview:
Professional forestry services are required for operational timber planning, silviculture activities evaluation, and Forest Stewardship Plan compliance, with most work being office-based but requiring periodic field work availability.

Description:
The BC Timber Sales Seaward-tlasta Business Area is seeking a qualified Contractor for professional forestry services including operational timber planning, evaluating silviculture activities, and ensuring compliance with the Forest Stewardship Plan. Most of the work will be office-based and can be completed off-site, but respondents should be available for limited field work on a periodic basis. Duties may include ensuring operations adhere to higher level plans, the Forest Stewardship Plan, and legislation. Work may include documenting timber planning information, reviewing professional assessments, developing standard operating procedures, and reviewing/ amending Site Plans. Supporting silviculture may include monitoring activities, and declaring milestones, and RESULTS submissions.
The intent of this Single Use Request for Qualifications (SURFQ) is to assess the Respondent’s overall capacity and suitability to assist our operational team in developing timber sales for the business area. Respondents are encouraged to emphasize experience working as a Forest Professional on the BC Coast and knowledge of the Vancouver Island Use Plan (VILUP) and the Great Bear Rainforest Order (GBRO).
Interested suppliers are invited to submit a Response to this SURFQ for the opportunity to be evaluated and determined if they will pre-qualify and be shortlisted as Qualified Respondents to be eligible to put in a proposal to a subsequent Solicitation, if any. Only Qualified Respondents will be sent and may respond to a subsequent Solicitation, if any.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.