Title: AB-2026-03728 - Public Agency Reviews

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005041350

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03728

Issuing Organization: Affordability and Utilities

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-13

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Contact name: Nina Velkovski

Contact email: nina.velkovski@gov.ab.ca

AI Overview:
Affordability and Utilities is conducting a legislated review of the AESO and AUC pursuant to section 19 of APAGA to evaluate mandate alignment, governance structure, operational performance, and overall value.

Description:
Affordability and Utilities (AU) is conducting a legislated review of the Alberta Electric System Operator (AESO) and the Alberta Utilities Commission (AUC) pursuant to section 19 of the Alberta Public Agencies Governance Act (APAGA). The review will evaluate each agency’s mandate alignment, governance structure, operational performance, and overall value to Albertans. Regular reviews of public agencies support Government of Alberta’s efforts to enhance service delivery, promote operational efficiency, and ensure alignment with legislated mandates and evolving government priorities. These reviews will assess whether the AESO and AUC’s current structures, governance, and capabilities remain the most appropriate for fulfilling their functions, including consideration of options to maintain, amalgamate, or dissolve the agencies as permitted under APAGA. The reviews will also identify opportunities to strengthen capacity and performance, supporting Alberta’s objective of delivering safe, reliable, and affordable utility services to Albertans.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.