Title: 21470-29-5128698B - Urinalysis Collection - Timmins

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-447-1619062

Solicitation Number: 21470-29-5128698B

Issuing Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Publication date: 2026-05-11

Closing date: 2026-06-08

Contact name: Monika Alexander

Contact email: monika.alexander@csc-scc.gc.ca

Description:
This bid solicitation cancels and supersedes previous bid solicitation number 21470-29-5128698A dated March 26, 2026 that closed April 27, 2026 at 14:00 EDT. A debriefing or feedback session will be provided upon request to bidders/offerors/suppliers who bid on the previous solicitation.
Urinalysis sample collection for offenders
This requirement is for: The Correctional Service of Canada, Timmins, Ontario
Trade agreement: This procurement is not subject to any trade agreement.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement: This solicitation is open only to Canadian suppliers.
Competitive Procurement Strategy: lowest priced compliant bid.
Set-aside under the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business:
This procurement is not subject to any set-asides for Indigenous Suppliers.
Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: This procurement is not subject to a Comprehensive Land Claims Agreement.
Security Requirements: This contract includes security requirements.
Nature of Requirements:
The following is a summary of the statement of work for this requirement.
The Correctional Service of Canada has a requirement to provide Urinalysis Collection Services for both male and female offenders in Timmins and the surrounding geographical area. The work will involve the following:
1.1 Objectives:
Consistent with the Mission Statement and Strategic Objectives of the Correctional Service of Canada (CSC), the contractor must provide a Urinalysis Collection Program for the Timmins area and extending to the surrounding rural areas.
1.2 Tasks:
1.2.1 The Contractor must:
1. Upon referral, collect urine samples from federally released male and female offenders.
2. Provide a collector that must be of the same gender as the offender providing the sample.
3. Accurately label, store and package samples to prevent contamination or tampering.
4. Record necessary information, including time of collection, collector identification, and complete other required documentation.
5. Explain the urinalysis process clearly to offenders, maintaining a calm and respectful demeanor.
6. Handle potentially sensitive or uncomfortable situations with discretion and empathy.
7. Ensure the integrity of the sample by placing the required seals on the container, obtain signatures on the container, and prepare the container for shipment to the specified laboratory for testing.
8. Ship the samples with a bill of lading to the approved laboratory for testing.
9. Collect samples in compliance with Section 66(1) of the CCRA regulations, and CD 566/566-11. The contractor must provide protective gloves to the collectors.
10. Present the offender with form 1064-1 (Community Notification to Provide a Urine Sample) prior to the initial test or at the beginning of a new frequency of urine collection if CSC requests one, obtain the offender’s signature, complete the Chain of Custody Form 1065 for every sample collected and distribute copies of the form as directed.
11. Complete the urinalysis log sheets monthly, or provide a detailed invoice, or both, and forward them to the respective office responsible for the supervision of the offender.
12. Attend court hearings, meetings with auditors, or meet with CSC managers as requested.
13. For all cases assessed by CSC to meet the tandem supervision policy, the contractor must provide a collector and an additional member of its staff or a person approved by the project authority who must accompany the collector whenever a urine sample is collected in the offender's private residence or in an isolated community location (CD 715). CSC will brief both the collector and the additional member of the contractor's staff or approved person on safety concerns.
14. Immediately notify the CSC supervising parole office if the collector notes that an offender refuses or is unable to provide a sample, or displays any suspicious behaviour, or both. If this occurs outside the contractor’s established working schedule, the contractor must follow the National Monitoring Centre protocol.
1.2.2 Collection Schedule:
1. Normally, the contractor must perform collections during regular working hours, Monday to Friday, between 0700 hours and 1800 hours.
2. CSC may request that the contractor collect urine samples, from time to time, on weekends and after normal working hours.
3. CSC may request that the contractor collect urine samples on an emergency basis. The contractor must respond within 3 to 4 hours of being notified of an emergency requirement.
4. The contractor must respond within 24 hours’ notice for any non urgent requests to schedule collection.
1.2.3 Continuity of Services
1. The collector must provide 24 hours’ notice for cancellation of collections. The contractor must provide this notice to the Office Urinalysis Coordinator.
2. The contractor must provide a back-up for urinalysis collection, in case of illness, vacation, leave, or the inability to provide urinalysis collection services for at least 5 days. The contractor must obtain the Departmental Representative’s or Project Authority’s prior approval before the back-up performs any work. The back-up must also complete the CSC Urinalysis Collectors Orientation Program (at the contractor’s expense) before the back-up begins providing any urine collection services.
1.2.4 Support the Contractor
CSC will:
1. Ensure that the contractor is provided with all necessary documentation including Regulations, Directives, and Guidelines for compliance to be maintained.
2. Provide procedural instructions for the surveillance, procurement and shipment of samples.
3. Refer offenders for urinalysis testing.
4. Establish procedures for shipment of samples to the CSC specified laboratory for testing.
5. Facilitate the process of securing Reliability Status security clearance for the contractor and/or subcontractor providing the services.
6. Provide the required paperwork, sample containers, courier bags, courier bills of lading, a cooler to store the collection samples and an appropriate security storage container for paperwork and referrals.
7. Provide a complete CSC Urinalysis Collectors Orientation Program prior to the collector commencing any urine collection services. The orientation includes safety procedures related to reporting negative offender behaviour to the CSC supervising parole office, and the National Monitoring Centre protocol.
1.2.5 Cancellations
The contractor must not charge CSC when CSC provides at least 24 hours of notice of cancellation of collections. The Parole Officer Supervisor, CCC Manager, or Office Urinalysis Coordinator will provide this notice. When CSC provides less than 24 hours notice of cancellation of collection, the contractor may charge one-half the collection rate. The Parole Officer Supervisor, CCC Manager or Office Urinalysis Coordinator will provide the cancellation notice by Telephone notification or telephone message to the contractor.
1.2.6 No Show Fee
If an offender does not show up for collection of a urine sample, the contractor may claim a maximum of 3 hours at the firm hourly rate. This fee shall only apply if the contractor scheduled a single collection. It will not apply when the contractor scheduled multiple collections for the same time period and at least one offender shows up.
1.3 Location of work:
The Contractor must perform the work in the City of Timmins, its 5 wards, and the surrounding area including Parole Offices, Reporting Centre, Community-Based Residential Facility (CBRF), community correctional Centres (CCC), designated locations as approved and arranged by the Case Management Team and at offenders’ private residences as requested.
1.3.1 Travel
CSC will reimburse the contractor’s travel expenses incurred for the collection of urine samples only for collections outside the City of Timmins Area and it’s 5 wards.
1.3.2 Travel time
The contractor may claim travel time for the time the contractor’s collectors require to travel from the City of Timmins and it’s 5 Wards to the designated urinalysis collection location and return to Timmins. The hourly rate will apply to travel time the contractor claims.
The contractor cannot claim travel time for travel within the City of Timmins including the 5 wards of the city.
1.4 Language of Work:
The Contractor must perform all work in English.
Any conditions for participation of suppliers not specified in solicitation documentation: none.
Estimated quantity of commodity: see solicitation document statement of work and basis of payment.
Duration of Contract and Time Frame for Delivery:
Period of the Contract: The Work is to be performed during the period from contract award to March 31, 2029.
File Number: 21470-29-5128698B
Contracting Authority: Monika Alexander
Telephone number: 647.234.2934
E-mail: ont.rhq.bidreceiving-receptionoffres.ar.ont@csc-scc.gc.ca
NOTE TO BIDDERS: Bidders can obtain the complete statement of work and evaluation criteria by downloading the solicitation document and associated documents from the Canada buys / tender opportunities website.
The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada (English or French).
After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
Procurement Assistance Canada (PAC) offers seminars to businesses interested in learning how to sell goods and services to the Government of Canada. The seminars are FREE.
Topics include:
? Understand the federal procurement process;
? Learn about searching for opportunities;
? Find out how to bid on opportunities;
? Discover how to prepare to sell to the government.
The full schedule of seminars can be found on the Procurement Assistance Canada website, under find an event (Procurement Assistance Canada: Find an event - Canada.ca).
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.