Title: WS4922959169 - 5P126-240002 - RISO - Seedlings

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS4922959169-Doc5693069667

Solicitation Number: WS4922959169

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFSO - Request for Standing Offer (Formal)

Location: Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia

Publication date: 2026-05-14

Closing date: 2026-06-11

Contact name: Turpin, Victoria (SPAC/PSPC) (elle-la / she-her)

Contact email: victoria.turpin@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
The response time deadline is 14:00 EDT.
Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC), on behalf of Parks Canada, has a requirement for the production, germination, and delivery of seedlings to various Parks Canada field units across the Maritime region on an as and when required basis. The period of this Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) will be from the date of standing offer issuance for a period of one year, with the option to extend the standing offer for up to 4 additional one year periods. This solicitation of offers is open only to Canadian suppliers and to Suppliers of an applicable trading partner.
To support plant health protection, regional ecological compatibility, and seed provenance requirements, all activities and work related to the contract must occur at the Contractor’s nursery within the Maritime region (Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and/or Prince Edward Island).
Offerors may request a debriefing on the results of the solicitation of offers process.
Reference the solicitation for further details.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.