Title: SO-04-2026 - Municipal Buildings GHG Reduction, Energy Saving Study & BCA - N

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: NB-SO-04-2026

Solicitation Number: SO-04-2026

Issuing Organization: Government of New Brunswick

Solicitation Type: TN - Tender Notice

Location: New Brunswick

Publication date: 2026-04-22

Closing date: 2026-05-05

Contact name: R mi Comeau

Contact email: 1 (506) 877-5037

AI Overview:
Engineering services are required to provide pathways for reducing greenhouse gas emissions in a portfolio of facilities, including building condition assessments.

Description:
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES
BUILDING ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL SYSTEMS SERVICING
SPECIAL STUDIES AND ANALYSIS
This Request for Quotations ("the RFQ") issued by the City of Dieppe is to invite
submissions from qualified professional firms with demonstrated experience to provide Engineering Services relating to all aspects of facilities contributing to energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions. The City of Dieppe is seeking services to support the timely delivery of essential programs and engage the support of qualified and experienced engineering consultants for conceptualizing pathways for a portfolio of City of Dieppe facilities which will lead to a reduction in greenhouse gas
emissions. A building condition assessment of the facilities is also requested.
This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.