Title: 5000094760 - Operator, Global Atmosphere Watch Observatory, Alert, Nunavut

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-266-85664921

Solicitation Number: 5000094760

Issuing Organization: Department of the Environment (ECCC )

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-06-01

Contact name: Helena Lee

Contact email: Helena.Lee@ec.gc.ca

Description:
ECCC requires a Contractor to provide operation services of the Global Atmosphere Watch (GAW) Observatory at Alert, Nunavut, to ensure monitoring, sampling, measurements, data logs and quality control measures are performed for the continued success of the atmospheric measurement programs and monitoring network conducted at this site.
This procurement is subject to the Agreement Between the Inuit of the Nunavut Settlement Area and His Majesty the King in Right of Canada (the Nunavut Agreement).
Socio-economic provisions are included under this solicitation, but it is not mandatory for Bidders to identify socio-economic benefits provisions to qualify for the resulting contract.
Refer to the Inuit Benefits Plan (IBP) as outlined within the submission and evaluation requirements of the attached Request for Proposal.
Bidders are requested to maximize Inuit employment, subcontracting and on-the-job training opportunities, and involve local, regional and Inuit businesses, in carrying out the work under the resulting contract.
GSIN:
M181A Operation and Maintenance Services of a Technical/Scientific Facility
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.