Title: WS5647785788 - RFP - F1802-270001 – Oracle - Disposal of a vessel in Kitsilano, BC

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5647785788-Doc5648118756

Solicitation Number: WS5647785788

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-04-29

Contact name: Jeakins, Andrea (SPAC/PSPC) (elle-la / she-her)

Contact email: andrea.jeakins@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Please note that late submissions will not be considered or accepted.
CCG has a requirement for the refloat and recovery, lightering bulk pollutants, removal from the marine environment, and storage of a vessel in Kitsilano, BC. Upon removal, if the vessels’ condition does not allow for it to be stored, it is to be deconstructed without storage. If the vessels’ condition does allow for it to be stored the Contractor must store the vessel for a minimum period of 30 days or until advised by Canada that storage is no longer required. At the end of the storage period, CCG may require the vessel to be deconstructed and its materials disposed of. The vessel is to be removed from current location by May 27, 2026. The completion of the work and all deliverables must be delivered by July 6, 2026.
This bid solicitation process is open only to suppliers holding a Supply Arrangement (SA) under the Request for Supply Arrangement (RFSA) EVC01-202004. If you wish to become a pre-qualified supplier under this RFSA, please contact the contracting officer.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.