Title: T8080-250611 - ICAO CAEP Canadian Expert on Aviation Emissions & Fuel Composition

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-492-47451761

Solicitation Number: T8080-250611

Issuing Organization: Department of Transport (TC)

Solicitation Type: ACAN - Advance Contract Award Notice (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-09

Closing date: 2026-04-24

Contact name: Natasha Blackstein

Contact email: (343) 550-2321

Contact phone: natasha.blackstein@tc.gc.ca

Description:
The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) Committee on Aviation Environmental Protection (CAEP) has several working groups investigating aviation pollutants and the role of fuel composition and properties on the environment through the emissions from gas turbine engines. The three relevant working groups are: WG3: Emissions – Technical, WG5: Fuels, and ISG: Impact & Science Group.
The relationship between the three WGs can be summarized as follows:
• WG5 – What happens before engine combustion, in terms of the properties and composition of jet fuel (including conventional fossil fuels, Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF), SAF blends, and advanced aviation fuels).
• WG3 – What happens as a result of engine combustion, in terms of measuring and quantifying aviation pollutants produced through the combustion process.
• ISG – What happens after engine combustion, in terms of local air quality (LAQ) and climate, including contrails and aviation induced effects at altitude.
ICAO CAEP operates on a three-year cycle with the current CAEP/14 cycle running from 2025 to 2027. The above working groups have several remits related to fuel composition and in WG3 for particulate emissions which will continue beyond the current CAEP/14 cycle.
Transport Canada is looking to procure a suitably qualified subject matter expert (SME) contractor to support Canada’s participation at the ICAO CAEP Working Groups related to aviation pollutants and the role of fuel composition on these emissions.
The SME is to provide technical expertise with respect to aviation pollutant emissions and the role of fuel composition on these emissions by supporting Canada’s participation in three relevant ICAO CAEP Working Groups (WGs), namely: WG3 (Emissions – Technical), WG5 (Fuels) and ISG (Impact and Science Group). The participation in these WGs has the objective to support Canada’s review and preparation of reports to ICAO CAEP, to reflect Canada’s position on key issues.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.