Title: 26-314082 - Notice of Planned Procurement - Architectural and Engineering (A&E) Services for the Embassy of Canada to the Philippines, in Manila

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-688-15269751

Solicitation Number: 26-314082

Issuing Organization: Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (GAC)

Location: Dates

Publication date: 2026-05-12

Closing date: 2026-06-08

Contact name: Meagan Leclair

Contact email: realproperty-contracts@international.gc.ca

Description:
Notice of Planned Procurement (NPP)
Solicitation of Offers under Source List 24-252584 – Architectural and Engineering Services
Department: Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (DFATD)
Title: Architectural and Engineering (A&E) Services for the Embassy of Canada to the Philippines, in Manila
DFATD will be issuing a Solicitation of Offers (Solicitation #26-314082) to offerors qualified under Source List 24-252584: Architectural and Engineering Services – Worldwide. This Solicitation will be used to obtain architectural and engineering services for the Embassy of Canada to the Philippines, in Manila.
Service Requirements
Services include but are not limited to:
• Concept design,
• Design development,
• Preparation of construction and tender documents,
• Construction contract administration,
• Commissioning support, and
• Deficiency correction.
Note: Only suppliers already pre-qualified under Source List 24-252584 will be invited to submit an offer
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.