Title: 5P300-25-0286/A - Application Development, Digital Investment Plan

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-55-90603588

Solicitation Number: 5P300-25-0286/A

Issuing Organization: Parks Canada Agency (PC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-14

Closing date: 2026-06-11

Contact name: Christine Lajoie

Contact email: (343) 585-2762

Contact phone: christine.lajoie@pc.gc.ca

Description:
This procurement is set aside under the federal government Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business. For more information on Indigenous business requirements of the Set-aside Program for Indigenous Business, refer to Annex 9.4 of the Supply Manual.
The Parks Canada Agency requires the services of various resources, on an as-and-when requested basis, to support the Agency’s Digital Investment Plan (DIP), a multi-year portfolio of digital modernization initiatives. The work includes assisting with planning, coordination, documentation, risk management, and governance across projects involving system upgrades, cloud and platform implementations, cybersecurity enhancements, enterprise data solutions, and workflow and service delivery modernization. These services will help ensure the effective and compliant delivery of digital investments that support Parks Canada’s operational and service objectives.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.