Title: 26-298020 - Canada Technical Assistance Partnership – Expert Deployment Mechanism (CTAP-EDM)

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-567-57509789

Solicitation Number: 26-298020

Issuing Organization: Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (GAC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-17

Contact name: Sarah Dubé Poudrette

Contact email: urp-bru@international.gc.ca

Description:
Technical Assistance Partnership – Expert Deployment Mechanism (TAP-EDM)
In an increasingly complex and interconnected global landscape—shaped by shifting norms, strategic competition, and economic uncertainty—Canada’s international engagement must reflect both national priorities and a deep responsiveness to the development needs identified by partner countries. As part of its evolving foreign policy and economic diplomacy approach, DFATD, through its Missions abroad, receives frequent requests from governments in countries eligible for ODA for targeted Canadian expertise to help address pressing public sector challenges and institutional capacity gaps.
To respond to these needs, DFATD established the Technical Assistance Partnership – Expert Deployment Mechanism (TAP-EDM) in 2019. This initiative facilitated the deployment of short-term, strategic Canadian technical assistance in areas where Canada has recognized strengths. TAP-EDM was designed to be flexible and demand-driven, aligning with partner countries’ self-identified priorities.
Building on the TAP-EDM model, the new CTAP-EDM will once again offer the unique opportunity to leverage Canadian expertise to help address global challenges and accelerate progress on Canada’s foreign policy, trade, and international assistance priorities. It will reinforce Canada’s international leadership, enhance its global visibility, and foster mutual learning and exchange. By connecting Canadian professionals with international counterparts, the Project will strengthen bilateral relationships and people-to-people ties, promote innovation, and support the development of effective, inclusive, accountable, sustainable, resilient and gender responsive national level entities in ODA-eligible countries.
Additional information on DFATD’s Official Development Assistance eligible countries is available at: http://www.oecd.org/dac/financing-sustainable-development/development-finance-standards/daclist.htm
Key elements of CTAP-EDM include the following:
Any country that is eligible for Official Development Assistance (ODA) can request assistance when they need specialized expertise (for example, in health, education, agriculture, governance, or technology).
The request must come from a national government entity and is submitted through the Canadian embassy or mission for that country.
The Canadian mission reviews the request to make sure it aligns with Canada’s priorities and is well-defined. Then it is sent to the TAP team at Global Affairs Canada headquarters for further analysis and approval.
If approved, the request is sent to the executing agency, which designs an approach and identifies the right Canadian experts to respond. These experts are drawn from across Canada (government, private sector, academia, and civil society).
The technical assistance can last anywhere from approximately 3 weeks to 1 year. It can include Canadian experts traveling to the partner country to provide hands-on support. It can also include bringing key officials from the partner country to Canada to learn directly from Canadian institutions and see how solutions work in practice.
CTAP-EDM is meant to be nimble and responsive, providing targeted, practical support where it is needed most, without long delays. Overall, CTAP-EDM should help showcase Canadian expertise and technology while building strong partnerships between Canada and partner countries, helping address development challenges with tailored, high-quality support, for mutual benefit.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.