Title: 227841 - BCHR SUPPORT WORKER - APPROVED VENDOR LIST

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004995814

Solicitation Number: 227841

Issuing Organization: BC Health Regulators

Solicitation Type: RFQ - Request for Qualifications (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2028-03-31

Contact name: BC Health Regulators

Contact email: info@bchealthregulators.ca

AI Overview:
Applications are being invited from qualified individuals to be included on an approved list of Support Workers for health regulatory colleges in British Columbia, to assist individuals who have made complaints about sexual misconduct, sexual abuse, or discrimination by regulated health practitioners.

Description:
In British Columbia (BC), health regulatory colleges are responsible for ensuring that regulated health care professionals provide services in a safe, competent, and ethical manner. These colleges, established under the Health Professions Act, also set and enforce standards of competence and conduct for the professions they regulate. The goal is to protect the public and ensure that regulated health care providers deliver qualified, safe, and ethical care to their patients and clients. Collectively, the colleges oversee 30 practitioner groups, consisting of approximately 120,000 registered health care professions and social work providers throughout BC.
In 2022, the B.C. government introduced and passed new legislation: the
Health Professions and Occupations Act
(HPOA). This new legislation came into force April 1, 2026, and includes provisions that directly address anti-discrimination requirements, with a particular emphasis on Indigenous specific anti-racism in health regulation and services. One of the new features of the HPOA is the requirement for regulatory colleges offer Support Workers to individuals who have made a complaint alleging that a regulated health practitioner has committed an act of sexual misconduct, sexual abuse or discrimination.
To assist participating health regulatory colleges in ensuring that Support Workers are in place to support the new program, BC Health Regulators (BCHR), on behalf of participating health profession regulatory colleges, is inviting applications from qualified individuals to be included on an approved list of Support Workers.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to new
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.