Title: 227568 - 227568 Career Paths for Skilled Immigrants

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004987171

Solicitation Number: 227568

Issuing Organization: Procurement Services Branch

Solicitation Type: NPP - Notice of Proposed Procurement (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-08

Closing date: 2026-05-07

Contact name: itq.procurement@gov.bc.ca

Contact email: itq.procurement@gov.bc.ca

AI Overview:
The Ministry is re-procuring for the new Career Paths for Skilled Immigrants program to start in spring 2027, which helps skilled immigrants secure employment aligned with their pre-arrival qualifications.

Description:
The Ministry of Post-Secondary Education and Future Skills (the ‘Ministry’) hereby provides notice of its intention to re-procure for the new Career Paths for Skilled Immigrants program (CPSI) to start in the spring of 2027.
The goal of the Career Paths program is to help skilled immigrants secure employment that aligns with their pre-arrival skills, qualifications, and experience. The program is designed to support skilled newcomers’ transition into occupations that address both current and future skills shortages across the province.
The Career Paths program has two primary objectives:
Address critical labour market needs in British Columbia by ensuring employers fully benefit from the education, experience, and expertise of skilled immigrants.
Support skilled immigrants in securing meaningful employment aligned with their pre-arrival qualifications and experience, including pathways for re-credentialling and career advancement through targeted supports and employer engagement.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to new
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.