Title: RFP - WCA03-26 - Request for Proposal - RFP - WCA03-26 - Waste Composition Audits

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005020920

Solicitation Number: RFP - WCA03-26

Issuing Organization: Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Contact name: Charity Hallberg Dodds

Contact email: procurement@acrd.bc.ca

AI Overview:
The Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District is requesting services for Waste Composition Audits to be conducted in spring/summer of 2026 at three facilities.

Description:
The Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District (ACRD) is requesting services for Waste Composition Audits to be conducted in spring/summer of 2026 at:
• The Alberni Valley Sort’nGo Centre (AVSGC), located at 7080 Landfill Rd, Port Alberni, BC V9Y 9G1;
• The West Coast Landfill (WCL), located at 1500 Alaska Pine Rd, Ucluelet, BC V0R 3A0; and
• The Bamfield Transfer Station - 570 Bamfield Road, Bamfield, BC V0R 1B0.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District