Title: Tender_21743 - Project: tender_21743 - Training for Risk Assessments for Sexual Offending

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005024203

Solicitation Number: Tender_21743

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: RFB - Request for Bid (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Contact name: Faye Collins

Contact email: Faye.Collins@ontario.ca

Contact phone: Karim Chanouha

AI Overview:
Training is required for personnel in the use of STATIC-99R, STABLE 2007, and ACUTE 2007 risk assessment tools for assessing sexual reoffending risk among adult males, delivered through up to six sessions per year.

Description:
The Vendor shall be required to train Ministry personnel, primarily probation and parole officers, in the use of the STATIC-99R, STABLE 2007 and ACUTE 2007 risk assessment tools using the Ministry-developed supporting curriculum on an "as- and-when required basis".
The training sessions may also include institutional clinical staff as well as police officers from around the province. These tools are evidence-based instruments used to assess the risk of sexual reoffending among adult males, with STATIC-99R focusing on static historical factors, STABLE 2007 on stable dynamic factors, and ACUTE 2007 on acute, changeable risk factors.
Scope of Work
The Vendor shall deliver up to six (6) training sessions scheduled per calendar year for this course. The Vendor shall deliver the training either in-person or by a virtual method.
Each one (1) training session consists of three (3) full consecutive days of content during the following hours,
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. with an hour-long break from 12:00 p.m. to 1:00 p.m.
The Vendor shall ensure that at all times that the trainer(s)/team providing the training services:
• are certified by Saarna.org to deliver training on the STATIC-99R, STABLE 2007 and ACUTE 2007 required by the Contract. The Ministry will be using https://saarna.org/trainers to verify certification. Due to the lengthy certification process, all applicants must be certified at the time of Bid submission and must continue to be certified for the Term of the Contract.
•If trainer(s)/consultant(s), who are part of a team, do not individually have certification in all three tools, the Bidder must submit a training plan which outlines their ability to deliver all three tools as a team, with certified instructors for each component listed.
•have the following experience:
relevant training experience with experience teaching adult learners; and
experience using the RASO tools in a corrections/policing and/or forensic mental health environment for patient assessment.
Optional information Session:
Date: May 7, 2026
Time: 11:00 a.m. (Toronto time)
Interested Bidders are asked to register via email with Karim Chanouha no later than 4:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on May 13, 2026. Upon registration, the teleconference information will be provided.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/