Title: DS-26-01 - Prosposal: Electoral Area H Official Community Plan

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005024281

Solicitation Number: DS-26-01

Issuing Organization: Regional District of Fraser-Fort George

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-01

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Contact name: Kenna Jonkman

Contact email: Kjonkman@rdffg.bc.ca

AI Overview:
A contract is being awarded to supply and deliver an Electoral Area H Official Community Plan that meets or exceeds specified requirements. The proponent must demonstrate experience and ability to fulfil the project specifications.

Description:
The Regional District of Fraser-Fort George is seeking to award a contract to an experienced
proponent who can demonstrate the ability to supply and deliver an Electoral Area H Official
Community Plan, which meets or exceeds the specifications contained within this Request for
Proposal.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
Regional District of Fraser-Fort George