Title: WS5685189069 - RFP - EP777-261284 - Integrated Pest Management (IPM) for SPIB.

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5685189069-Doc5685392986

Solicitation Number: WS5685189069

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-06-26

Contact name: Tabiou, Tangbandja bi (SPAC/PSPC) (il-lui / he-him)

Contact email: tangbandjabi.tabiou@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
AMENDMENT TO CLOSING TIME: Please disregard the Ariba Discovery posting response deadline closing time and Buyandsell posting closing time. All offers must be submitted on June 26, 2026 by 2PM EDT. All offers submitted after 2PM EDT will result in the id being declared non-responsive. Requirement Description: Canada is seeking offers from Offerors to provide provide services for the implementation and maintenance of an Integrated Pest Management Program (IPM) for all Science and Parliamentary Infrastructure Branch (SPIB) buildings. Expected Contract Period: The period of the Contract is from September 01, 2026 to March 31, 2028 inclusive, with an irrevocable option to extend the Contract by up to 3 additional 1-year period(s). Tendering procedures: All interested suppliers may submit an offer. Social Procurement: Indigenous Participation Plan (IPP) is part of this requirement. Security Requirements. There are security requirements associated with this requirement.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.