Title: WS5597566621 - Phase 2 F1700-251072 Ivory Island Lightstation Septic System Replacement

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5597566621-Doc5647912745

Solicitation Number: WS5597566621

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Publication date: 2026-04-28

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Contact name: Allison, Rodnie (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: rodnie.allison@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
The Work will encompass the removal of existing septic system infrastructure and installation of a new onsite wastewater system at the Ivory Island Lightstation located 23 km northwest of Bella Bella, BC. Access is by air and water. The work comprises supplying all labour, materials, tools, transportation, supervision, and equipment necessary for the provision of completing the septic system replacement.The Work includes but not limited to the following:- Demolition of two existing septic tanks and drainage areas.- Supply, installation, testing and commissioning of a new onsite wastewater system located at Robb Point, including septic tanks, pumps, forcemains, type 2 treatment system, dosing system, and sand mound.Specifications and Drawings will be included and posted in Phase two Invitation to Tender.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.