Title: 474 - Real Estate Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005033126

Solicitation Number: 474

Issuing Organization: Thames Valley District School Board

Solicitation Type: RFPQ - Request for Pre-Qualification (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Contact name: Brian Smith

Contact email: brian.smith@tvdsb.ca

AI Overview:
TVDSB is seeking to pre-qualify Realtors for real estate services through a vendor of record process, with 1-year Master Service Agreements and options to extend for up to 2 additional years in 1-year increments.

Description:
The TVDSB proposes to pre-qualify all Realtors who are interested in performing Real Estate Services, and that meet requirements, for TVDSB projects, as more particularly described in this Pre-Qualification. Through this Pre-Qualification TVDSB intends to establish “vendor of record” lists (“VOR Lists”) of prequalified Realtors who will each execute a 1-year MSA with the TVDSB, with the option to extend for 2 years in 1-year increments.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
Thames Valley District School Board