Title: 25-285736/A - NPP - TSPS - Physical Security and Structural Engineering Support Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-826-32376684

Solicitation Number: 25-285736/A

Issuing Organization: Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (GAC)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-08

Contact name: Tracy Langille

Contact email: (343) 630-5196

Contact phone: tracy.langille@international.gc.ca

Description:
The objective of this TSPS request is to supplement AWLT internal Physical Security and Structural capacity, as required, with Intermediate and Senior Structural and Physical Security Engineers, Junior Civil Engineering Graduates, Senior Civil Engineering Technologists, and Intermediate Draftspersons, as per the Statement of Work (SoW).
To deliver on the above priorities and mandates, DFATD requires Physical Security and Structural Engineering Support Services (PSSESS) to advance several projects, on an urgent basis, and help the Commissioning and Engineering division to fulfill its mandate. In particular, the forthcoming conclusion of the Duty of Care program funding and the need to deliver on key performance indicators renders requirements for support services critical.
It is anticipated that the workload for physical security projects will remain high (or increase) over the next years. The current structure of the physical security section does not provide any physical security engineer backup if ever one of the resources is unavailable. Staffing through a TSPS would ensure unimpeded program delivery and continuous critical operational needs are met. Without this surge capacity, there is a significant risk to critical projects in various phases of implementation. In addition, the increase in project demand over the last four years compounds the need to address the lack of human resources in this team thus ensuring continued timely project delivery and an active response mechanism for unforeseen technical requests, whether from headquarters or from missions abroad.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.