Title: 21120-27-5373481 - Analysis of the Correctional Service of Canada (CSC) Workers’ Compensation Board (WCB) Claims, Costs, and recommendation for Reduction Options

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-493-28865550

Solicitation Number: 21120-27-5373481

Issuing Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Contact name: Nassima Aliouat

Contact email: 343540-8957

Contact phone: nassima.aliouat@csc-scc.gc.ca

Description:
NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT (NPP) for Solutions-Based Professional Services (TSPS) Requirement
This requirement is for: Correctional Service Canada (CSC)
This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders under E60ZT-16TSSB who qualify under Tier 1 (= $0 - $3.75M), in the metropolitan area and for the following stream(s): Stream 2: Business consulting/change management services
The requirement is intended to result in the award of one (1) contract
The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal.
1. Big River Analytics Ltd.
2. Calian Ltd.
3. Cathexis Consulting Inc.
4. Dare Human Resources Corporation
5. Deloitte Inc.
6. FERENCE & COMPANY CONSULTING LTD.
7. Goss Gilroy Inc.
8. Gartner Canada Co.
9. Hackett Consulting Inc.
10. Hickling, Arthurs, Low Corporation
11. HumanSystems Incorporated
12. Parriag Group Inc and Atlantic Evaluation Group in Joint Venture
13. R.A. Malatest & Associates Ltd.
14. The Institute on Governance
15. MGIS Inc.
16. Le Groupe-conseil baastel ltée
17. Y2 Consulting Psychologists Inc./Psychologues consultants Y2 inc.
Description of the Requirement:
The Correctional Service of Canada (CSC) has a requirement for the provision of professional services under Stream 2: Business consulting/change management services. The work will involve the following:
Background
The Correctional Service Canada (CSC) operates federal correctional institutions and community offices across Canada, where employees are exposed to a diverse range of occupational hazards. These risks stem from direct interaction with incarcerated individuals, complex security operations, administrative responsibilities, and institutional health and safety challenges. This high risk, complex environment operates in CSC facilities across multiple provinces and territories, and has resulted in increasing psychological injury claims, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) risks, and long duration absences for employees at CSC. The resulting insurable claims are subject to various Workers’ Compensation Board (WCB) regimes.
Objective
To provide CSC with a comprehensive, evidence based assessment of WCB claim drivers, costs, operational practices related to WCB claims, and governance, with actionable recommendations to reduce WCB costs while maintaining legal compliance and supporting employee health and recovery.
The work must include benchmarking with comparable federal departments and large public sector employers, analysis of cross jurisdictional WCB policies, options for prevention and case management, resourcing models, operational approaches, and psychological injury management practices
Security:
There are security requirements associated with this requirement. Please note that SA Holders do not need to have the required clearance to submit a bid. For additional information, consult Part 6 - Security, Financial and Other Requirements, and Part 7 – Resulting Contract Clauses. For more information on personnel and organization security screening or security clauses, Bidders should refer to the Contract Security Program of Public Works and Government Services Canada (http://www.tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca/esc-src/introduction-eng.html) website.
Level of Security Requirement:
Security Requirement: Annex C, Security Requirements Check List &
Appendix A to Annex C – Security Requirements for Laptop
Minimum Corporate Security Required: Designated Organization screening (DOS)
Minimum Resource Security Required: Reliability Status
Document Safeguarding Security Level Required: N/A
Applicable Trade Agreements:
The World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP), the Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA), the Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA), the Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement (CColFTA), the Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement (CPanFTA), the Canada-Honduras Free-Trade Agreement, the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), the Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), the Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA), the Agreement on Trade Continuity between Canada and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA).
Proposed period of contract:
The proposed period of contract shall be from the date of Contract award to one (1) year later
Estimated Level of Effort:
The estimated level of effort of the contract will be for 100 days.
File Number: 21120-27-5373481
Contracting Authority: Nassima Aliouat
Phone Number: 343-540-8957
E-Mail: nassima.aliouat@csc-scc.gc.ca
Inquiries:
Inquiries regarding this Request for Proposal (RFP) requirement must be submitted to the Contracting Authority named above. RFP documents will be e-mailed directly by the Contracting Authority to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT “CANADABUYS.CANADA.CA” ” IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with any supplier on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language.
Debriefings:
Bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within 15 working days from receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
NOTE: The Task and Solutions Professional Services (TSPS) Method of Supply is subject to quarterly refresh cycles. If you wish to find out how you can be a “Qualified SA Holder”, please contact SPTS.TSPS@TPSGC-PWGSC.GC.CA
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.