Title: ISED213974 - PROFESSIONAL AUDIT SUPPORT SERVICES (PASS) - STREAM 8: RECIPIENT/CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT AUDIT

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-190-83717945

Solicitation Number: ISED213974

Issuing Organization: Department of Industry (ISED)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-05-05

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Contact name: Jose Lopez

Contact email: jose.lopez2@ised-isde.gc.ca

Description:
Only PASS SA Holders under E60ZQ-180001/D, Stream 8 (Recipient/Contribution Agreement Audit) are invited to compete.
Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED) requires professional assurance and audit services to support recipient audits of contribution funding agreements administered primarily by Innovation Canada, including the Strategic Response Fund and other departmental programs. These audits are conducted on a risk-based and ad hoc basis to assess recipients’ compliance with funding agreement terms and conditions.
Services may include cost audits, revenue audits, compliance audits, review engagements, and specified procedures. Work may involve validating eligible expenditures, verifying reported revenues and repayment obligations, assessing internal controls, confirming performance obligations, and reviewing compliance with specific contractual and legislative requirements.
These services are required when internal capacity is insufficient and may apply to a range of recipients, including not-for-profit organizations, small and medium-sized enterprises, and large Canadian or multinational corporations.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.