Title: 202505976C - In-Car Thermal Paper

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-717-4106180

Solicitation Number: 202505976C

Issuing Organization: Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP)

Solicitation Type: RFSO - Request for Standing Offer (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-25

Contact name: Susie Dias

Contact email: (514) 258-7980

Contact phone: susie.dias@rcmp-grc.gc.ca

Description:
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) requires the provision of In-Car Thermal Paper:
•Boxes of 6 rolls of Paper, InCar, Thermal 8.5X11 (MMR 129162) and
•Boxes of 6 rolls of Paper, InCar, Thermal 8.5X14 (MMR 129163)
The period of the Standing Offer is from the date of issuance of the Standing Offer to three (3) years with two (2) one (1) year option periods.
All the delivery must be made within 30 calendar days from receipt of a call-up against the Standing Offer.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement
This solicitation of offers is open only to Canadian suppliers and to Suppliers of an applicable trading partner.
Basis of selection: An offer must comply with the requirements of the Request for Standing Offers and meet all mandatory technical evaluation criteria and pass the pre-award sample evaluation to be declared responsive. The responsive offer with the lowest evaluated price will be recommended for the issuance of a standing offer.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.