Title: 30007721 - Canadian Hydrographic Service – Arctic Survey Program to Fisheries and Oceans.

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-674-80577272

Solicitation Number: 30007721

Issuing Organization: Department of Fisheries and Oceans (DFO)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Contact name: Louise Martel

Contact email: DFO.Tenders-Soumissions.MPO@dfo-mpo.gc.ca

Description:
Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO), through the Canadian Hydrographic Service (CHS), requires the acquisition of hydrographic data using an Uncrewed Surface Vessel (USV). The USV must be fully equipped with a shallow/mid water multibeam echo sounder (MBES) capable of achieving hydrographic surveys in water depths up to 700 metres.
This work supports CHS priorities in the Arctic, including improved charting for safe navigation within Canada’s northern waters, and contributes to national efforts such as the Low Impact Shipping Corridors (LISC) and related safety, environmental, and community access initiatives.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.