Title: NRCan-5000088325/B - Provision of technical support services related to energy using products

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-757-4944685

Solicitation Number: NRCan-5000088325/B

Issuing Organization: Department of Natural Resources (NRCan)

Solicitation Type: RFSA - Request for Supply Arrangement (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-05-12

Closing date: 2040-03-31

Contact name: Vincent Gariépy

Contact email: (819) 560-9253

Contact phone: vincent.gariepy@nrcan-rncan.gc.ca

Description:
This RFSA NRCan-5000088325/B cancels and supersedes previous RFSA NRCan-5000088325 and is post on the Government Electronic Tendering Service (GETS) to allow new Suppliers to become qualified.
Pre-qualified suppliers, to whom a supply arrangement has been issued under RFSA NRCan-5000088325, will not be required to submit a new arrangement.
The purpose of this supply arrangement is to create a pool of qualified suppliers for the provision of technical support, research and analysis services related to energy using products for Natural Resources Canada. Interested suppliers should carefully review the requirements of this Supply Arrangement and submit their arrangement for consideration. Suppliers who meet the evaluation criteria will be included in a pool of qualified suppliers, from which individuals may be selected.
• The services are being broken down into eight (8) product categories.
• Each product category will be evaluated individually, and suppliers can qualify for more than one product category
1- Appliances
2- Commercial Refrigeration & Food Service Equipment
3- Lighting
4- Electronics (Consumer Electronics & Office)
5- Industrial Equipment / Commercial
6- Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning and Water Heating Equipment
7- Envelope and fenestration assemblies and systems
8- Multi-Equipment
The Supply Arrangement has no defined end-date and will remain valid until such time as Canada no longer considers it to be advantageous to use it.
******IMPORTANT ******
It is necessary for the Supplier to send an email requesting to open a CPC Connect conversation to the following address:
procurement-approvisionnement@NRCan-RNCan.gc.ca
Once the conversation is open, you will be able to submit your documents.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.