Title: RQQ-2025-CIEN-100 - Vendor of Record for Asset Failure / Underperformance Investigation Services

Status: Time Left to Bid

Reference Number: 0000321327

Solicitation Number: RQQ-2025-CIEN-100

Solicitation Type: RQQ - Request for Qualification & Quote (Formal)

Location: Canada, Southern Ontario

Description:
Call For Tenders
Request to Qualify and Quote No.
RQQ-2025-CIEN-100
Metrolinx is accepting Submissions for Request to Qualify and Quote (RQQ) to establish a
Vendor of Record (“VOR”) Arrangement for Asset Failure / Underperformance Investigation Services
The Engineering and Safety division unit at Metrolinx is a shared service for all business units within the corporation. Facilities asset management performance team under fixed asset, asset management and maintenance team is responsible for reliability monitoring to improve asset reliability and availability through FMECA and RAMS processes. As a part of continuous improvement process where failures and faults are formally reported, analysis is performed to the extent that the failure cause is understood, and positive corrective actions are identified, implemented, and verified to prevent further recurrence
The objective of this Request to Qualify and Quote (RQQ) is to solicit proposals from Proponents for the provision of Asset Failure / Underperformance Investigation Services on an emergent basis over a five (5) year term. The requirements are more particularly described in Scope of Work of this Request Document.
It is the intention of Metrolinx to establish contracts with a minimum of two (2) Proponents, and generally three (3) or more Proponents.
** Please respond with intend to bid via Merx. **
ELECTRONIC BID SUBMISSION will be accepted until
3:00 p.m., Toronto, Ontario time, on June 1, 2026.
***NOTE: ELECTRONIC BID SUBMISSION
Your Submission for this opportunity must be sent to Metrolinx through the use of Metrolinx MERX EBS. Proponents shall be solely responsible for the delivery of their Submission using Metrolinx MERX EBS by the Closing, in accordance with the Instructions.
Metrolinx reserves the right to reject any or all Submissions at its sole discretion.
See more