Title: AVRCE-RFP-2026-01 - AVRCE RFP 2026-01 Pickup & Disposal of Solid Waste

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004987973

Solicitation Number: AVRCE-RFP-2026-01

Issuing Organization: Annapolis Valley Regional Centre for Education

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Nova Scotia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-08

Closing date: 2026-04-29

Contact name: Laura Akao

Contact email: 902-538-4697

Contact phone: laura.akao@avrce.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking qualified contractor(s) to manage waste streams at educational facilities, including weekly pickup and disposal of solid waste, and provision of container maintenance and security.

Description:
The Annapolis Valley Regional Centre for Education (AVRCE) objective of this RFP is to make contractual arrangements with qualified contractor(s), which will allow the AVRCE to effectively manage two (2) waste streams at schools (organics and residual waste) and (3) waste streams at operational support facilities (recycling, organics, and residual waste). Contractor(s) will be required to pick up and dispose of solid waste on a weekly basis for AVRCE sites. Schools have various recycling programs in place and refundables may not be available to the contractor(s). Successful Proponent(s) must agree to haul required waste streams, as well contractor(s) will be responsible for the provision of maintenance, security, and cleanliness of containers supplied by the contractor for the duration of this contract.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All details to the associated notice, including documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
Nova Scotia Tenders
. MERX asks that you refer to the
Nova Scotia Tenders
notice for these details. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract. For full details, please check with the original source of the content.