Title: 30007597 - Tatsamenie Lake Enhanced Sockeye Fry Rearing to Fisheries and Oceans.

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-29-3486238

Solicitation Number: 30007597

Issuing Organization: Department of Fisheries and Oceans (DFO)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Contact name: Louise Martel

Contact email: DFO.Tenders-Soumissions.MPO@dfo-mpo.gc.ca

Description:
Beginning in Spring 2026, the Contractor is to receive all transported fry. The Contractor will be conducting rearing of approximately 200,000 to 400,000 sockeye salmon fry according to directions annually determined by the Transboundary Technical Committee and Enhancement Sub-committee at Tatsamenie Lake, BC. Rearing of fish may encounter risks to disease and predation. Monitoring and prevention is to be maintained for optimal project success.
Simultaneously, a smolt mark recapture enumeration project is to be completed Mid-May until Early-September to accurately enumerate the complete Sockey salmon smolt outmigration from Tatsamenie Lake. Otolith sampling to identify the origin of smolts and standard age information. This is the first year of the proposed contract with an option to extend the contract annually in the 2027, 2028, and 2029 summer field seasons at the discretion of DFO.
DFO does not own assets or infrastructure to support this project. Contractors are required to be self-sufficient throughout the completion of this project.
The Contractor will be responsible for mobilization of the worksite, planning and implementing the mark recapture programs, in lake rearing of fry, providing on site supervision, fry rearing crew members, camp cook, and any other logistical support required. Specific method requirements are identified in following sections.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.