Title: BANK2026-001 - Town of Maple Creek Municipal Banking Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005012759

Solicitation Number: BANK2026-001

Issuing Organization: Town of Maple Creek

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Saskatchewan

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Contact name: Rebekah Mathieu

Contact email: 306-662-2244

Contact phone: finance@maplecreek.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking proposals from certified Financial Institutions to provide complete municipal banking services for a five-year term with possibility of a five-year extension.

Description:
The Town of Maple Creek is seeking proposals from certified Financial Institutions to provide complete municipal banking services for the Town for a five-year term commencing on or about June 30, 2026. Subject to satisfactory performance of the services by the successful proponent, the term may be extended, if mutually agreeable, for an additional five (5) year period.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
Town of Maple Creek