Title: tender_21402 - Project: tender_21402 - Personal Appraisal Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004987851

Solicitation Number: tender_21402

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: RFB - Request for Bid (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-08

Closing date: 2026-04-22

Contact name: Japjot Lail

Contact email: japjot.lail@supplyontario.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking a qualified vendor to provide appraisal services for personal property items including fine arts, antiques, jewelry, rare collectibles, and other valuables for clients under guardianship.

Description:
The Office of the Public Guardian and Trustee (OPGT) is seeking a qualified Vendor to provide appraisal services for personal property items/assets, including but not limited to fine arts, decorative arts, antiques, gems, fine jewelry, costume jewelry, watches, rare banknotes, coins, stamps and paintings.
Scope of Work
The Office of the Public Guardian and Trustee (OPGT) requires the appraisal services of a Vendor for personal property items/assets, including but not limited to fine arts, decorative arts, antiques, gems, fine jewelry, costume jewelry, watches, rare banknotes, coins, stamps and paintings that belong to mentally incapable Ontarians (OPGT clients) and have come under the OPGT’s guardianship as a result. The personal property items/assets of OPGT clients need to be appraised for accounting purposes and to determine how these items/assets will be managed, which could include storing them in OPGT’s vault for safekeeping, returning them to clients ' families/beneficiaries, or selling them. Appraisal services will be required as soon as possible. The Vendor will be required to conduct appraisals at OPGT’s Toronto Office (currently located at 595 Bay Street, Toronto, ON) at least once a month, and may occasionally be required to conduct appraisals in the field (i.e. at clients’ residences across Ontario).
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/