Title: AB-2026-03085 - Cold Lake Provincial Park Wastewater Removal & Hauling

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005007801

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03085

Issuing Organization: Forestry and Parks

Solicitation Type: RFQ - Request for Quote (Informal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-07

Contact name: Michael Edwards

Contact email: Michael.Edwards@gov.ab.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking contractor services for regular sewer vacuum operations to remove and haul wastewater from a provincial park until existing wastewater infrastructure issues are resolved.

Description:
Cold Lake Provincial Park (ColdLPP) established in 1976; located 2 km east of Cold Lake and approximately 410 km northeast of Edmonton, Alberta. This popular park consists of 117 frontcountry campsites, day use areas, shower building, toilet buildings, potable water and sanitary sewer systems, check-in booth, and other various significant infrastructure. Parks Division previously completed water and sanitary infrastructure upgrades at ColdLPP. Due to ongoing limitations affecting portions of the wastewater system, full use of the installed wastewater lines is currently restricted. As an interim measure, the project entails contractor services to provide regular sewer vacuum services for the removal and hauling of wastewater from ColdLPP. These services will be required on an ongoing basis until the system installation issues are fully resolved, and the wastewater infrastructure is operational. The goal of RFQ 27PAR8030 is to complete wastewater removal and hauling. Alberta Parks is currently operating the park.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.