Title: TMBWEB2026 - Website Development and Support Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005045541

Solicitation Number: TMBWEB2026

Issuing Organization: Town of Mahone Bay

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Nova Scotia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-06-19

Contact name: Eric James Levy

Contact email: eric.levy@townofmahonebay.ca

AI Overview:
A qualified web development firm is sought to design and implement a modern, accessible, and user-focused municipal website, migrating existing content from the current 2020 site in collaboration with staff.

Description:
The Town of Mahone Bay’s current website was launched in 2020 and changes have occurred since. Current website content will be migrated to the new website in consultation with Town staff. The new site must function and comply with current web standards and accessibility requirements. The Town is seeking the services of a qualified web development firm to design and implement a modern, accessible, and user-focused municipal website. The successful proponent will migrate existing content in collaboration with Town staff and deliver a platform that serves as the community’s primary source of information, encourage public engagement, and highlights the Town’s services and assets. Proponents must demonstrate a clear understanding of the required final product and include a fixed project price and annual support costs. Domain management and cybersecurity services are provided by the Town’s existing entity.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All details to the associated notice, including documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
Nova Scotia Tenders
. MERX asks that you refer to the
Nova Scotia Tenders
notice for these details. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract. For full details, please check with the original source of the content.