Title: 21120-26-5298441 - Saskatchewan Penitentiary Dental Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-854-83083105

Solicitation Number: 21120-26-5298441

Issuing Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Saskatchewan

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Contact name: Gisele Gautreau

Contact email: (506) 626-2254

Contact phone: gisele.gautreau@csc-scc.gc.ca

Description:
Dental Services for Saskatchewan Penitentiary
This requirement is for: the Correctional Service of Canada – Prairie Region – Saskatchewan Penitentiary
Trade agreement: This procurement is not subject to any trade agreement.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement: This solicitation is open only to Canadian suppliers.
Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest priced compliant bid
Set-aside under the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business: This procurement is not subject to any set-asides for Indigenous Suppliers.
Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: This procurement is not subject to a Comprehensive Land Claims Agreement.
Security Requirements: This contract includes security requirements.
Nature of Requirements:
The following is a summary of the statement of work for this requirement.
The Correctional Service of Canada requires clinical dental care for inmates at the Saskatchewan Penitentiary
Objectives: to provide professional dental services to inmates at the Saskatchewan Penitentiary in order to support offender health care needs in accordance with applicable legislation, professional standards, and Correctional Service Canada policies.
Deliverables: The Contractor must provide on site clinical dental services, including assessment, diagnosis, treatment, and related dental care activities, as described in the Statement of Work. The Contractor must provide services in accordance with professional licensing requirements and institutional operational requirements.
Any conditions for participation of suppliers not specified in solicitation documentation: none.
Estimated quantity of commodity: see solicitation document statement of work and basis of payment.
Period of the Contract: the work is to be performed during the period of October 1, 2026 to September 30, 2029.
File Number: 21120-26-5298441
Contracting Authority: Gisele Gautreau
Telephone number: 506-626-2254
E-mail: Gisele.gautreau@csc-scc.gc.ca
NOTE TO BIDDERS: Bidders can obtain the complete statement of work and evaluation criteria by downloading the solicitation document and associated documents from the Canada buys / tender opportunities website.
The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada (English or French).
After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
Procurement Assistance Canada (PAC) offers seminars to businesses interested in learning how to sell goods and services to the Government of Canada. The seminars are FREE.
Topics include:
? Understand the federal procurement process;
? Learn about searching for opportunities;
? Find out how to bid on opportunities;
? Discover how to prepare to sell to the government.
The full schedule of seminars can be found on the Procurement Assistance Canada website, under find an event (Procurement Assistance Canada: Find an event - Canada.ca).
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.