Title: tender_21601 - Project: tender_21601 - Corporate Cards and Additional Services - CCARD

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005005681

Solicitation Number: tender_21601

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: RFB - Request for Bid (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Contact name: Japjot Lail

Contact email: japjot.lail@supplyontario.ca

AI Overview:
Supply Ontario is seeking a vendor to provide comprehensive Corporate Card services including Procurement Cards, Travel Cards, One Card solutions, and related services for Ontario Public Service and Non-OPS entities.

Description:
Supply Ontario aims to deliver a comprehensive range of Corporate Card and additional services to Ontario Public Service (OPS) and Non-OPS entities. To accomplish this, Supply Ontario is soliciting the expertise of Corporate Card issuers and financial institutions.
Scope of Work
The successful Vendor will be responsible for providing comprehensive Corporate Card and Additional services to the OPS and Non-OPS, including but not limited to issuing, renewing, and replacing Procurement Cards, Travel Cards, One Card (Single Card) solutions, Discreet cards and Department Cards as required. The Vendor will manage all processes related to lost, stolen, or compromised cards, and will provide an online service portal that enables Clients and cardholders to manage profiles, access statements, and perform required account functions. The Vendor will oversee billing and payment processes in alignment with Client requirements and will assign a dedicated account manager, along with an alternate, to serve as the primary point of contact for all matters. The Vendor will also be responsible for delivering comprehensive reporting to support oversight and financial management. In addition, the Vendor must provide full implementation and transition services to support the rollout of the Corporate Card Program and all related services, with the requirement that the program will be fully implemented by April 1, 2027.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/