Title: AB-2026-02804 - Professional Hydrogeological and Environmental Regulatory Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004992030

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-02804

Issuing Organization: Camrose County

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-10

Closing date: 2026-05-07

Contact name: Zach Mazure, P.Eng.

Contact email: 780-672-4449

Contact phone: zmazure@county.camrose.ab.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking professional hydrogeological and environmental regulatory services to evaluate groundwater impacts from aggregate extraction activities and obtain necessary Water Act approvals.

Description:
Camrose County (the County) is seeking professional hydrogeological and environmental regulatory services to:
-Evaluate potential adverse effects to groundwater quantity and quality resulting from aggregate extraction activities proposed at and below the groundwater table.
-Assess potential impacts to the Beasley Spring artesian aquifer system, including changes to pressure, discharge, recharge mechanisms, and hydraulic connectivity.
-Determine the suitability of gravel extraction activities in relation to Alberta’s Water Act, including activities directly or indirectly affecting groundwater at the Dried Meat Lake Gravel Pit.
-Develop mitigation, adaptive management, and ongoing groundwater monitoring programs appropriate for both regulatory approval and long‑term operations.
-Prepare, submit, and support approval of all required Water Act approvals, registrations, or licenses, including conditions associated with continued extraction below the water table, and post‑approval compliance obligations.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.