Title: WS5644817383 - RFP EN-FR Translation Services - Courts and Administrative Law Field - Tier 3

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5644817383-Doc5644853166

Solicitation Number: WS5644817383

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-13

Closing date: 2026-05-24

Contact name: Kadi, Kahina (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: kahina.kadi@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC) is issuing this Request for Proposal (RFP) for the Translation Bureau under an existing Supply Arrangement (SA). As such, only pre-qualified suppliers who have been formally invited may access the RFP documents and submit a proposal for the provision of English-to-French translation services in the field of “Courts and administrative law” (Tier 3). One contract will be awarded and will cover a volume of up to 2,000,000 words during the initial one-year period. This bid solicitation is issued only to suppliers who are pre-qualified in the Tier 3 - field of "Courts and administrative law", from English to French, in accordance with the conditions of SA EN966-140305. The following suppliers have been invited to submit a bid :LES TRADUCTEURS REUNIS, S.C.C., SERVICES LINGUISTIQUES VERSACOM INC., FOX TRANSLATIONS LTD., LIONBRIDGE LTD., MEGALEXIS COMMUNICATIONS INC. et NATIONS TRANSLATION GROUP LP.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.