Title: 26-58001 - Centre for Autonomous Flight Systems (CAFS)

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-268-6954426

Solicitation Number: 26-58001

Issuing Organization: National Research Council of Canada (NRC)

Solicitation Type: ITQ - Invitation to Quote (Informal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Contact name: Roberta Ranaldi

Contact email: 613299-8229

Contact phone: Roberta.Ranaldi@nrc-cnrc.gc.ca

Description:
The National Research Council Canada (NRC) is issuing this Request for Expression of Interest (RFEOI) to solicit submissions from qualified teams interested in delivering the Centre for Autonomous Flight Systems (CAFS) on the NRC Uplands Campus in Ottawa using a Progressive Design-Build (PDB) delivery model. The CAFS Project, located at the NRC Uplands Campus in Ottawa, will expand the existing suite of NRC Flight Research Lab capabilities by delivering a new flagship facility to support advanced research, development, integration and testing of autonomous and optionally-piloted aircraft systems.
The purpose of this RFEOI is to identify and shortlist experienced proponents with the capability, capacity, and collaborative approach required to successfully participate in a Progressive Design-Build process.
This RFEOI is not a request for pricing. Shortlisted proponents will be invited to participate in a subsequent procurement stage
The project will be located in Ottawa, NRC Uplands Campus.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.