Title: 2025030 - Canada Wide Move Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-169-56016103

Solicitation Number: 2025030

Issuing Organization: House of Commons

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-27

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Contact name: Kaouthar Gherairi

Contact email: 613992-8688

Contact phone: ContractingServ@parl.gc.ca

Description:
House of Commons Notice of Proposed Procurement
Request for Proposal/Request for Quotation reference number: 2025030
Description:
This requirement is for: House of Commons (HoC)
Provide the House of Commons, on an as and when requested basis, Canada Wide Move Services for Members of Parliament. This includes residential, office, storage, and private motor vehicle move services.
This HoC tender notice and its solicitation documents are available on MERX at the following link: Canada Wide Move Services - 2025030 | MERX
There is no charge to preview the HoC solicitation documents, noting that in order to do so, you have to at a minimum sign up with MERX selecting the “Free” option.
You may have received this tender notice through a third-party distributor. The HoC is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through MERX.
Contact Information:
Name: Kaouthar Gherairi
Title: Officer, Procurement
E-Mail: contractingserv@parl.gc.ca
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.