Title: W6431-26-0248 - Technical Support for Distributed Synthetic Operations

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-552-92779122

Solicitation Number: W6431-26-0248

Issuing Organization: Department of National Defence (DND)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ottawa

Publication date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-08

Contact name: Leanne Cooper

Contact email: leanne.cooper@forces.gc.ca

Description:
The Department of National Defence (DND) requires one (1) Level 3 Technology Architect (I.11) with a focus on modelling and simulation (M&S) technologies and one (1) Level 3 Operations Support Specialist (B.13) with a focus on Distributed Synthetic Operations Centre (DSOC) systems to support the Exercise and Simulation (E&S) branch of the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) Aerospace Warfare Centre (AWC), located on the Shirley’s Bay Campus in Ottawa, ON. The Resources will support the exploitation of the E&S-designed and operated Defence Secure Simulation and Training Node infrastructure (DSSTNi) Information System (IS) to advance the development, operation and sustainment of the RCAF Modelling & Simulation (M&S) Enterprise (RMSE).
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.