Title: PR262603 - Intrusion Alarm System Installation, Monitoring and Maintenance Services for Library Square (LISQ) & EXPO Offices in Vancouver, BC

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-216-48779599

Solicitation Number: PR262603

Issuing Organization: Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Publication date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-06-01

Contact name: Catrina Santiago

Contact email: catrina.santiago@cbsa-asfc.gc.ca

Description:
The Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) Pacific Region, Intelligence and Enforcement Operations Division (IEOD) requires the services of an intrusion alarm monitoring system Contractor to supply, install, and configure an intrusion alarm system and provide 24/7 alarm monitoring and maintenance services for CBSA offices located at Library Square & EXPO Building Offices in Vancouver, BC.
IMPORTANT NOTES:
1. Bids must only be submitted to: Bid_Receiving_Unit-Unite_de_Reception_des_Soumissions@cbsa-asfc.gc.ca
2. All other communications related to this solicitation must be sent to: catrina.santiago@cbsa-asfc.gc.ca
3. There are security requirements applicable to this requirement.
4. There is a mandatory site visit requirement as follows:
a. Mandatory Work Site Visit. The Offeror must attend the mandatory site visit. The site visit will be held at the following locations on Wednesday, May 13, 2026 beginning at 9:00 am (PT):
i. LISQ - 300 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, V6B 6C8
ii. EXPO - 877 Expo Blvd, Vancouver, British Columbia, V6Z 2X7
b. Communication with Contracting Authority. Offerors must communicate with the Contracting Authority no later than Tuesday, May 12, 2026 at 12:00 pm (EDT) to confirm attendance and provide the name(s) of their representatives. Offerors must sign an attendance sheet. Offerors should confirm in their offer that they have attended the mandatory site visit. Canada will declare non-compliant offers from any Offerors who do not attend the mandatory site visit.
c. Clarifications or Changes. Canada will amend the solicitation of offers to reflect clarifications and changes resulting from the mandatory site visit.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.