Title: WS5639091280 - W684H-260292-RFP-POL Dispensing and Fuel Monitoring, CFB Halifax, NS

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5639091280-Doc5644391286

Solicitation Number: WS5639091280

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Nova Scotia

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-12

Contact name: Bryant, Gary (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: gary.bryant@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Public Service and Procurement Canada on behalf of the Department of National Defence– (Halifax) has a requirement for a Service Contract that comprises the furnishing of all labour, materials, tools, equipment, transportation and supervision required to perform the inspection, cleaning, calibration and maintenance of Petroleum, Oil and Lubrication (POL) dispensing units, pumps, flow meters, level as specified in the Statement of Work. The requested period for this service contract is for one year from August 1,2026 to July 31,2027 with an additional two (2) one (1) year period options available. This solicitation of offers is open only to Canadian suppliers and suppliers of an Applicable Trading Partner. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Reference the solicitation for further details.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.