Title: MODL-2026-05-400 - Wiles Lake Park Community Plan and Conceptual Design

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005045553

Solicitation Number: MODL-2026-05-400

Issuing Organization: Municipality of the District of Lunenburg

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Nova Scotia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Contact name: Sandra Challis

Contact email: Sandra.Challis@modl.ca

AI Overview:
Proposals are sought for the development of a community park plan and conceptual design to improve indoor and outdoor recreation opportunities for diverse user groups, with an established capital budget of $4 million for upgrades including engineered plans, project management oversight, and construction.

Description:
MODL is seeking proposals for the development of a community park plan and conceptual design focused on improving potential indoor and outdoor recreation opportunities for diverse user groups. The planning and design process should consider both the historical and current uses of the Wiles Lake Park. The process should also take into consideration other similar parks and facilities that could potentially compete or compliment Wiles Lake. All plans must be created with an accessibility lens and comply with the built environment standards. The established capital budget to upgrade the park is $4 million dollars. This would include engineered plans, project management oversight and the actual construction and installation of amenities.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All details to the associated notice, including documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
Nova Scotia Tenders
. MERX asks that you refer to the
Nova Scotia Tenders
notice for these details. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract. For full details, please check with the original source of the content.