Title: WS5665734815 - RFSA - Translation Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5665734815-Doc5665759267

Solicitation Number: WS5665734815

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFSA - Request for Supply Arrangement (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2031-04-29

Contact name: Sigouin, Myriam (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: myriam.sigouin@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC), on behalf of the Translation Bureau is launching a Request for Supply Arrangements (RFSA) to renew its directory of translation services suppliers and enter into Supply Arrangements (SAs) with qualified suppliers to meet its needs of Official Languages Translation.
Suppliers may qualify in one or more Tier(s), in the language combination and fields of work (there are seventy (70) fields) of their choice:
On-going Opportunity for Qualification:
A permanent notice will be posted on the Government Electronic Tendering Service (GETS) to allow interested suppliers to qualify for Supply Arrangement EN966-140305. Canada will conduct quarterly evaluations of arrangements as outlined in Article 3.1 On-going Opportunity for Qualification of the SA.
Existing pre-qualified suppliers who have received a SA are not required to submit a new arrangement unless they wish to qualify in new Fields or Tiers.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.