Title: HICC2026/27-PS6268 - LEGACY SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-265-24519573

Solicitation Number: HICC2026/27-PS6268

Issuing Organization: Office of Infrastructure of Canada (INFC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ottawa

Publication date: 2026-05-05

Closing date: 2026-05-25

Contact name: Alexander Caro

Contact email: (343) 576-3527

Contact phone: procurement-approvisionnement@infc.gc.ca

Description:
Housing, Infrastructure and Communities Canada (HICC) is requesting proposals for services to provide support and development of their legacy systems, as detailed in this RFP. The proposal must set out the means by which the technical, performance, time and other goals and objectives will be met. One (1) contract will be awarded as a result of the evaluation of the responses to this RFP.
Neither the qualifying proposal that scores the highest points nor the one that contains the lowest cost will necessarily be accepted. HICC reserves the right to accept any proposal as submitted without prior negotiations.
Bids which fail to provide all information and documentation as requested in the RFP document by the time of bid closure will be declared non-responsive.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.