Title: 21120-26-5131286-A - Physician Services - Okimaw Ohci Healing Lodge

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-620-58991523

Solicitation Number: 21120-26-5131286-A

Issuing Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Saskatchewan

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-13

Contact name: Gisele Gautreau

Contact email: (506) 626-2254

Contact phone: gisele.gautreau@csc-scc.gc.ca

Description:
Primary Care Physicians Services
MPORTANT NOTICE: This bid solicitation is a re-tender of the requirement described in bid solicitation number 21120-26-5131286 dated December 12, 2025, with a bid closing date of January 05, 2026, at 14:00 EST; this document replaces the previous version entirely.
This requirement is for: The Correctional Service of Canada (CSC), Prairie Region - Okimaw Ohci Healing Lodge
Trade agreement: This procurement is not subject to any trade agreement.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement: This solicitation is open only to Canadian suppliers.
Competitive Procurement Strategy: compliant bid with the highest technical score.
Set-aside under the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business: This procurement is subject to conditional set-asides for Indigenous Suppliers.
Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement:
This procurement is not subject to a Comprehensive Land Claims Agreement.
Security Requirements: This contract includes security requirements.
Nature of Requirements:
The following is a summary of the statement of work for this requirement.
Correctional Service Canada (CSC) Health Services must provide primary care services to offenders (referred to as patients in this notice) at the Regional Psychiatric Centre.
The Contractor (Primary Care Physician) must provide integrated patient centred medical services to patients in collaboration with the Institution's inter-disciplinary health care team that includes, but is not limited to: nurses (nurse practitioners, registered nurses, registered psychiatric nurses, licensed practical nurses, registered practical nurses), primary care physicians, social workers, dentists, denturists, infectious disease physician specialist, pharmacists, pharmacy technicians, psychologists, psychiatrists, behavioural science technicians, mental health providers, psychoeducators, personal support workers, client care attendants, optometrist, physiotherapists, x-ray technologists, foot care specialists, occupational therapists, administrative personnel and other healthcare professionals.
Objectives: Provide and actively participate in the coordination of essential health care services to patients at Okimaw Ohci Healing Lodge.
Deliverables:
The Contractor (Primary Care Physician (PCP)), must provide care based on clinical independence and professional judgment that is not unduly influenced by correctional considerations.
Consistent with the Person Health Care Home model (PHCH) adopted by CSC Health Services, the PCP must provide care that is integrated as demonstrated by a documented Interdisciplinary Integrated Care Plan (ICP) that includes input from the patient.
Any conditions for participation of suppliers not specified in solicitation documentation: none.
Estimated quantity of commodity: see solicitation document statement of work and basis of payment.
Duration of Contract and Time Frame for Delivery:
Period of the Contract: The Work is to be performed during the period of February 1st, 2026, to January 31st, 2029 inclusive.
File Number: 21120-26-5131286A
Contracting Authority: Gisele Gautreau
Telephone number: (506) 626-2254
E-mail: Gisele.gautreau@CSC-SCC.GC.CA
NOTE TO BIDDERS: Bidders can obtain the complete statement of work and evaluation criteria by downloading the solicitation document and associated documents from the Canada buys / tender opportunities website.
The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada (English or French).
After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
Procurement Assistance Canada (PAC) offers seminars to businesses interested in learning how to sell goods and services to the Government of Canada. The seminars are FREE.
Topics include:
? Understand the federal procurement process;
? Learn about searching for opportunities;
? Find out how to bid on opportunities;
? Discover how to prepare to sell to the government.
The full schedule of seminars can be found on the Procurement Assistance Canada website, under find an event (Procurement Assistance Canada: Find an event - Canada.ca).
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.