Title: 5P300-25-0384/A - Maintenance, Service and Testing of Potable Water Facilities

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-494-2722844

Solicitation Number: 5P300-25-0384/A

Issuing Organization: Parks Canada Agency (PC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Contact name: Julianne Cox

Contact email: (343) 585-1324

Contact phone: julianne.cox@pc.gc.ca

Description:
5P300-25-0384/A- Maintenance, Service and Testing of Potable Water Facilities
BIDS RECEIVED BY FAX AND EMAIL WILL BE ACCEPTED AS OFFICIAL.
PARKS CANADA IS NOT CURRENTLY ACCEPTING BIDS VIA SAP ARIBA, YOU MUST SUBMIT YOUR BID VIA FAX OR EMAIL AS INDICATED IN THE SOLICITATION DOCUMENT.
BIDS RECEIVED IN-PERSON OR BY COURIER WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.
The only acceptable email address for responses to the bid solicitation is soumissionsest-bidseast@pc.gc.ca. Bids submitted by email directly to the Contracting Authority or to any email address other than soumissionsest-bidseast@pc.gc.ca will not be accepted.
The only acceptable facsimile for responses to bid solicitations is 1-877-558-2349.
The maximum email file size that Parks Canada is capable of receiving is 15 megabytes. The Bidder is responsible for any failure attributable to the transmission or receipt of the emailed bid due to file size.
The Bidder should be cognisant of the size of the email as a whole, and not only the attachments. Please take into consideration that some attachments, when sent, may be resized during the email transfer. If the email size is too large, the Bidder should send the bid in multiple emails properly labeled with the solicitation number, project name, and indicate how many emails are included (ex. 1 of 2).
Emails with links to bid documents will not be accepted. Bid documents must be sent as email attachments.
REQUIREMENT
Parks Canada requires a Contractor to provide Service contract for the monthly maintenance, service and microbiological testing of the point of entry water systems at various locations along the Trent Severn Waterway to Parks Canada Agency.
PERIOD OF CONTRACT / DELIVERY DATE
The Work is to be performed during the period of contract award to March 31, 2027.
ENQUIRIES
All enquiries of a technical and contractual nature are to be submitted to the Contracting Authority.
Enquiries regarding this solicitation must be submitted in writing and should be received no later than (5) five calendar days prior to the date set for solicitation closing to allow sufficient time to provide a response. Enquiries received after that time may result in an answer NOT being provided.
INFORMATION
National Parks Regulations require that all work is to be performed in accordance with the ordinances, laws, rules and regulations set out in the National Park Act.
Bidders that consider themselves qualified to provide this Work and intend to submit bids on this project should obtain documents from the Government Electronic Tendering Service through the Government of Canada tendering service at http://canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the Government of Canada tendering service. Bidders that elect to base their bids on documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk. Late submissions will not be considered.
The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Parks Canada has made every effort to provide equivalent documents in both official languages, however, if you find any discrepancies between the English and French documents, please notify the contract officer listed in this opportunity as soon as possible so that we can rectify the situation.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.