Title: NRCan-5000094735 - RFSO - Written Translation and Comparative Editing Services - Indigenous Languages

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-998-62191090

Solicitation Number: NRCan-5000094735

Issuing Organization: Department of Natural Resources (NRCan)

Solicitation Type: RFSO - Request for Standing Offer (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-16

Closing date: 2026-05-20

Contact name: Marie-Josée Michaud

Contact email: (418) 563-6916

Contact phone: marie-josee.michaud@nrcan-rncan.gc.ca

Description:
By means of this Request for Standing Offers (RFSO), Natural Resources Canada (NRCan) is seeking professional translation and comparative editing services to and from Canada’s official languages (English and French) and Indigenous languages, in accordance with the Official Languages Act and Indigenous Languages Act.
Using a variety of media suitable to the purpose of the communication, NRCan routinely communicates with senior management within the department, managers, human resource advisors, union officials and employees at the corporate, national, regional and local levels, as well as with personnel from other government departments and agencies, the private sector and the public.
The initial period is from date of issuance of the Standing Offers to March 31, 2027.
Up to five (5) Standing Offers (SO’s) will be issued for an initial period of one (1) year. NRCan reserves the right to exercise the option to extend the standing offer(s) for up to four (4) additional periods of one (1) year.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.