Title: 2026-005 - Project: tender_21701 - Hospital Donation Physician - Windsor Regional Hospital

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004989682

Solicitation Number: 2026-005

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: EOI - Expression of Interest (Informal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-09

Closing date: 2026-05-08

Contact name: Amir Jafari

Contact email: amir.jafari@ontariohealth.ca

AI Overview:
Ontario Health is seeking expressions of interest for a Hospital Donation Physician position to champion donation as a critical component of high-quality end-of-life care.

Description:
Call for Expression of Interest
Ontario Health (Trillium Gift of Life Network [TGLN]) is seeking expressions of interest for the position of Hospital Donation Physician at Windsor Regional Health.
Hospital Donation Physicians are key members of the multidisciplinary team at the intersection of the hospital and Ontario Health (TGLN) championing donation as a critical component of high-quality end-of-life care.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/