Title: 10260022 - Logistics Services for Major Events, Commemorations and Ceremonies

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-10-7739713

Solicitation Number: 10260022

Issuing Organization: Department of Canadian Heritage (PCH)

Solicitation Type: RFSO - Request for Standing Offer (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-12

Contact name: Martin Lafleur

Contact email: (000) 000-0000

Contact phone: contrats-contracting@pch.gc.ca

Description:
Notice of Proposed Procurement (NPP)
Reference Number: 110260022
Title:
Logistics Services for Major Events, Commemorations and Ceremonies
Description of Requirement:
The purpose of this Request for Standing Offers is to identify a supplier to provide Logistics Services for major events, commemorations and ceremonies.
The Department of Canadian Heritage requires the above work to be performed in accordance with the Statement of Work attached as Appendix "A". The services will be required on an "as and when required" basis for a period of three (3) years from the date of issuance of a Standing Offer, with the option to extend the duration by two (2) periods of one year each.
Duration of Contract:
The period of the Standing Offer is from the Standing offer award date to March 31, 2029, inclusive.
Tendering Procedure: Open
This requirement is open to Bidders for Services in the National Capital Region.
Mandatory Evaluation Criteria:
MT1: The Offeror must confirm that it has all the equipment/machinery required to deliver the service as described in Annex A, Statement of Work.
Note: The Offeror must clearly indicate if it intends to source the equipment through a subcontractor, an affiliate or another supplier.
MT2: The Offeror must demonstrate a minimum of three (3) years of experience in event logistics or corporate logistics in the context of large-scale public events* or major construction sites.*
* A large-scale public event is defined as an event that is held outside on public or privately owned land and operates on a regular or one-off basis. Large-scale events will generally have one or more of the following components: multi-stage, multi-performance, multi-activity, multi-day, large physical size of venue (outdoors).
* A major construction site is defined as any site at which construction work in relation to a project is carried out and includes works that involve, but are not necessarily limited to, the following activities: preparation of a site for an intended structure, including, but not limited to, site clearance, exploration, investigation (but not site survey) and excavation; removal of a all or part of a structure; and removal of any product or waste resulting from demolition or dismantling of a structure or disassembly of prefabricated elements which, immediately before such disassembly, formed a structure.
MT3: The Offeror must confirm that it is able to provide its services 7 days a week.
Security Requirements
There are security requirements associated with the resulting contract/standing offer:
The following security requirements (SRCL and related clauses provided by the Contract Security Program) apply and form part of the STANDING OFFER:
1. The contractor/bidder personnel who require access to regulates worksites must hold a valid SITE ACCESS STATUS, issued or approved by Canadian Heritage (PCH).
2. Subcontracts which contain security requirements are not to be awarded without the prior written permission of PCH.
3. The contractor/offeror must comply with the provisions of the Security Requirements Check List (SRCL).
Contract Security Program. The Company Security Officer must ensure through the Contract Security Program that the Offeror and individual(s) hold a valid security clearance at the required level.
Contracting Authority:
Name: Martin Lafleur
Email address: contrats-contracting@pch.gc.ca
Inquiries:
All enquiries must be submitted in writing to the Standing Offer Authority no later than seven (7) calendar days before the Request for Standing Offer (RFSO) closing date. Enquiries received after that time may not be answered. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT “BUYANDSELL.GC.CA” IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF ANY SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with any supplier on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.