Title: AB-2026-03336 - 26-1581 Hazardous Waste Collection, Transportation, and Processing Services for City Wide

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005019868

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03336

Issuing Organization: The City of Calgary

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Contact name: Lisa Nezami

Contact email: lisa.nezami@calgary.ca

AI Overview:
A qualified supplier is sought to provide hazardous waste collection, transportation, processing, recycling, and disposal services on an as-needed basis for materials generated through various operational activities.

Description:
The City is seeking qualified Supplier to provide hazardous waste collection, transportation, processing, recycling, and disposal services on an as-needed basis. Hazardous waste is generated through various City operational activities and includes materials collected from City Traffic Services, Parks, Public Spaces, and more. Hazardous materials are temporarily stored at multiple City-owned locations. The successful Supplier will be responsible for the safe and compliant management of these materials in accordance with all applicable federal, provincial, and municipal legislation, including Alberta hazardous waste management regulations. This Request for Proposals is intended to establish a contract with a Supplier that demonstrates the technical capability, regulatory compliance, experience, and capacity to manage a wide range of hazardous materials in a safe, efficient, and environmentally responsible manner.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.