Title: 228692 - Notice of Intent for 2026 Victoria Point-in-Time Count Enumeration

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005027043

Solicitation Number: 228692

Issuing Organization: Capital Regional District

Solicitation Type: NOI - Notice of Intent (Informal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-05-11

Contact name: Lauren Vaillancourt

Contact email: lvaillancourt@crd.bc.ca

AI Overview:
A funding agreement is being directly awarded to conduct the 2026 PiT Count enumeration for a one-year term at an estimated value of $69,930.

Description:
Notice is hereby given that Capital Regional District (the “CRD”), intends to directly award a Funding Agreement to conduct the 2026 Point-in-Time Count enumeration for the Victoria Census Metropolitan Area for a term of (1) year at an estimated value of $69,930.
Community Social Planning Council of Greater Victoria
216-852 Fort Street
Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
V8W 1H8
CRD has chosen not to proceed with a competitive process for the following business reasons:
The proposed direct award is consistent with Section 8 of the CRD Procurement Policy, which permits non‑competitive procurement from a non‑profit organization.
The Community Social Planning Council of Greater Victoria (CSPC) is a non‑profit organization with longstanding and specialized expertise in coordinating Point‑in‑Time Counts and homelessness enumerations in the Victoria Census Metropolitan Area (CMA).
CSPC has successfully delivered multiple PiT Counts for the CRD, including the most recent 2025 Point‑in‑Time Count and Survey, and has demonstrated an in‑depth understanding of local homelessness systems, service providers, and community partners.
Continuity of methodology, data collection practices, and regional coordination is critical to meeting federal Reaching Home program requirements and ensuring consistency and comparability of PiT Count results across years.
In the most recent competitive procurement for PiT Count services (2025), CSPC was the only organization to submit a compliant proposal.
CSPC has demonstrated alignment with the above considerations. Based on demonstrated experience, regional knowledge, and established partnerships, CSPC is uniquely positioned to deliver the required 2026 Point‑in‑Time Count for the Victoria CMA within the required timeframe and funding envelope.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.