Title: 84084-26-0003/A - Support for Indigenous Advisory Committee Member Search - Recruitment Plan and Search Strategy

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-780-33202091

Solicitation Number: 84084-26-0003/A

Issuing Organization: Canada Energy Regulator (CER)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-04

Contact name: Ryan Taylor

Contact email: 403618-3588

Contact phone: ryan.taylor@cer-rec.gc.ca

Description:
84084-26-0003/A
Title: Support for Indigenous Advisory Committee Member Search - recruitment plan and search strategy
BIDS RECEIVED BY EMAIL WILL BE ACCEPTED AS OFFICIAL.
CANADA ENERGY REGULATOR IS NOT CURRENTLY ACCEPTING BIDS VIA SAP ARIBA, YOU MUST SUBMIT YOUR BID VIA EMAIL AS INDICATED IN THE SOLICITATION DOCUMENT.
BIDS RECEIVED IN-PERSON OR BY COURIER WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.
The only acceptable email address for responses to the bid solicitation is proposals.propositions@cer-rec.gc.ca . Bids submitted by email directly to the Contracting Authority or to any email address other than proposals.propositions@cer-rec.gc.ca will not be accepted.
The maximum email file size that the Canada Energy Regulator is capable of receiving is 35 megabytes. The Bidder is responsible for any failure attributable to the transmission or receipt of the emailed bid due to file size.
The Bidder should be cognisant of the size of the email as a whole, and not only the attachments. Please take into consideration that some attachments, when sent, may be resized during the email transfer. If the email size is too large, the Bidder should send the bid in multiple emails properly labeled with the solicitation number, project name, and indicate how many emails are included (ex. 1 of 2).
Emails with links to bid documents will not be accepted. Bid documents must be sent as email attachments.
SET-ASIDE FOR INDIGENOUS BUSINESS
Canada has set aside this procurement under the federal government Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business. This set aside is a measure with respect to Indigenous peoples under Article 800 of the Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA) and a measure with respect to Aboriginal peoples or a set-asides for small and minority business under the international trade agreements.
REQUIREMENT
The Canada Energy Regulator (CER) requires a contractor to provide executive search services in support of the renewal of the CER Indigenous Advisory Committee. The CER’s Board of Directors will be looking to fill vacant IAC positions in both 2026 and 2027, as the terms of its members reach maturity. The purpose of this current contract is to support filling the vacancies anticipated in 2026, with potential to support a second search in 2027, if required.
The Contractor must perform the following at minimum:
provide a targeted executive search, verification and referencing services for up to three Committee Member positions;
• provide strategic advice and support to the hiring committee, composed of CER Executives and Directors, by leading candidate screening (including Indigenous identity validation and affiliations with other Indigenous organizations), coordinating the candidate review process and providing advice on candidate on-boarding processes.
The CER Board of Directors has the final approval on IAC membership. The Contractor will work closely with the Project Authority as well as the hiring committee, comprised of CER Executives and Directors.
It is anticipated that the public call for expressions of interest would be launched in June 2026. Work must be completed by October 2026.
Depending on the recruitment plan, an additional campaign may be required in 2027.
PERIOD OF CONTRACT / DELIVERY DATE
Contract Period. The Contract is for a fixed period, from the date of award shown on the front page of the Contract until May 31, 2027, inclusive.
Option to Extend. The Contractor grants Canada the irrevocable option(s) to extend the Contract by up to one (1) additional One-year period(s) under the same terms and conditions and at the prices, rates, or both stated in the Contract.
ENQUIRIES
All enquiries of a technical and contractual nature are to be submitted to the Contracting Authority.
Enquiries regarding this solicitation must be submitted in writing and should be received no later than five (5) business days prior to the date set for solicitation closing to allow sufficient time to provide a response. Enquiries received after that time may result in an answer NOT being provided.
INFORMATION
Bidders that consider themselves qualified to provide this Work and intend to submit bids on this project should obtain documents from the Government Electronic Tendering Service through the Government of Canada tendering service at http://canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the Government of Canada tendering service. Bidders that elect to base their bids on documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk. Late submissions will not be considered.
The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Canada Energy Regulator has made every effort to provide equivalent documents in both official languages, however, if you find any discrepancies between the English and French documents, please notify the contract officer listed in this opportunity as soon as possible so that we can rectify the situation.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.