Title: RFP2025-064 Document Remediation Services - Project: tender_21808 - RFP2025-064 Document Remediation Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005042696

Solicitation Number: RFP2025-064 Document Remediation Services

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-14

Closing date: 2026-06-18

Contact name: Suja Koshy

Contact email: suja.koshy@ontariohealth.ca

AI Overview:
Procurement for document accessibility remediation services to ensure documents are usable with adaptive and assistive technology and conform with global accessibility standards, AODA legislation, and accessibility policy.

Description:
This procurement is for document accessibility remediation services to ensure documents are usable with adaptive and assistive technology, and conform with global accessibility standard, in addition to AODA legislation and Ontario Health’s accessibility policy
Scope of Work
D. This procurement is for document accessibility remediation services to ensure documents are usable with adaptive and assistive technology, and conform with global accessibility standard, in addition to AODA legislation and Ontario Health’s accessibility policyefault Additional Notes
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/