Title: 81003304 - INVITATION TO SUBMIT AN EXPRESSION OF INTEREST (EOI) - Office Space

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-762-57748798

Solicitation Number: 81003304

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFI - Request for Information (Informal)

Location: Saskatchewan

Publication date: 2026-04-09

Closing date: 2026-04-29

Contact name: Paulette D'Eon

Contact email: (306) 203-3575

Contact phone: paulette.deon@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC) is asking interested parties to provide information for a potential lease of space that meets the following criteria:
Section A: Lease Components
• a lease term of approximately 10 years, commencing on or about April 1, 2029, with a right of early termination anytime on or after April 1, 2037, provided written notice is given at least 12 months prior;
• approximately 438 usable square metres (um2) of contiguous office space;
• the proposed space must be available approximately 44 weeks prior to the above-noted lease commencement date so all spaces may be prepared for occupancy;
• the proposed space should satisfy or be capable of satisfying the following criteria:
1. the proposed space must be contiguous and on the same floor;
2. the proposed space should be within an office or commercial type building; buildings situated within heavy or medium industrial zoning and industrial type buildings with warehouse or manufacturing space will not be considered;
3. a dedicated telecommunication/equipment room measuring no less than 9 um² within the proposed space must be provided; this area will not form part of the Lessee’s usable area noted above but will be included in the rentable area calculation;
4. a public transit stop must be within 600 metres of the building main entrance, and the frequency of service must not be greater than 30 minute intervals between the hours of 0700 hours and 1800 hours, Monday to Friday inclusive; there must be an accessible walking route between the public transit stop and the building;
5. the proposed space must have all basic utilities, including telecommunications, water, sewer, gas and electricity;
6. the dimensions of the proposed space must be compatible for efficient design and use;
7. the physical characteristics of the lands and the building and the area and environment surrounding it, including neighbouring land uses, shall be compatible with the Lessee’s intended use of the accommodation; and
8. a minimum floor loading capacity of 7.2 kPa (150 lbs. per square foot) for 51 um2 of the above-noted office space requirement.
• the proposed space must be located in the City of Saskatoon and within the following boundaries (the geographical boundaries include sites on either side of the roads):
North: 25th Street East
South: South Saskatchewan River
East: South Saskatchewan River
West: Idylwyld Drive South
• on or before the lease commencement date, the proposed space will have to comply with all requirements contained in PSPC’s Standards for Leased Accommodation, a copy of which may be obtained from the contact listed in Section F;
Note: PSPC may wish to visit or inspect the proposed space upon reasonable notice and a threat and risk assessment may be undertaken in order to assess potential threats to the security of the proposed space and to the public.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.