Title: Consulting Services Grand Falls-Windsor Wildland Fire Resiliency Plan - Consulting Services Grand Falls-Windsor Wildland Fire Resiliency Plan

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005025928

Solicitation Number: Consulting Services Grand Falls-Windsor Wildland Fire Resiliency Plan

Issuing Organization: Grand Falls-Windsor

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Newfoundland and Labrador

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-05-31

Contact name: Renita Hurley

Contact email: ea@townofgfw.com

AI Overview:
A consultant is sought to conduct a risk assessment, consult the community, and develop a Wildland Fire Resiliency Plan incorporating SMART goals addressing seven FireSmart disciplines.

Description:
The Town of Grand Falls-Windsor received funding from the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador under the Community Wildfire Prevention and Mitigation Program to prepare a Wildland Fire Resiliency Plan (the “Project”). A Consultant will be engaged to conduct a risk assessment, consult the community, and develop the plan, among other tasks relevant to the Project.
The overall purpose of this Project is to prepare a WFRP that incorporates SMART (strategic, measurable, achievable, relevant, and time-bound) goals and objectives that address the seven FireSmart disciplines (education, emergency planning, vegetation management, legislation, development, interagency cooperation, and cross-training). The Project will be overseen by the Town’s Wildland Fire Plan Development Committee.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
Grand Falls-Windsor