Title: 2025015 - Legal Solution Software

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-845-64995645

Solicitation Number: 2025015

Issuing Organization: House of Commons

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-04-27

Contact name: Éric Bernier

Contact email: contractingserv@parl.gc.ca

Description:
House of Commons Notice of Proposed Procurement
Request for Proposal reference number: 2025015
Description:
This requirement is for: House of Commons (HoC)
This Request for Proposal (RFP) is an invitation by the House of Commons (HoC) to prospective Bidders to submit proposals for the provision, implementation, and support of a comprehensive legal software solution to enhance the management of its legislative, legal, and compliance activities.
This HoC tender notice and its solicitation documents are available on MERX at the following link: https://www.merx.com/solicitations/open-bids/Legal-Solution-Software/0000318564?origin=0
There is no charge to preview the HoC solicitation documents, noting that in order to do so, you have to at a minimum sign up with MERX selecting the “Free” option.
You may have received this tender notice through a third-party distributor. The HoC is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through MERX.
Contact Information:
Name:Éric Bernier
Title: Procurement Specialist
E-Mail: contractingserv@parl.gc.ca
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.