Title: Curbside Waste Management Services - Curbside Waste Management Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005005492

Solicitation Number: Curbside Waste Management Services

Issuing Organization: Municipality Of West Elgin

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Contact name: Dave Charron

Contact email: dcharron@westelgin.net

AI Overview:
Seeking contractor services for garbage collection, leaf & yard material processing, and bulky item disposal from approximately 2337 curbside stops for a seven-year period with potential extensions.

Description:
The Municipality of West Elgin, hereinafter referred to as the Municipality, is requesting proposals to acquire the services of a Contractor(s) to:
▪ Collect and dispose of Garbage from Curbside stops in the villages of West Lorne, Rodney, and Rural West Elgin (approximately 2337 stops total) for a seven (7) year period beginning August 1, 2026, with the option for the Municipality to renew for two additional one (1) year period, for a total of up to nine (9) years.
▪ Collect and process Leaf & Yard Materials from Curbside stops in the villages of West Lorne, Rodney, and Rural West Elgin (approximately 2337 stops total) for a seven (7) year period beginning August 1, 2026, with the option for the Municipality to renew for two additional one (1) year period, for a total of up to nine (9) years.
▪ Collect and dispose of Bulky Item Garbage from Curbside stops in the villages of West Lorne, Rodney, and Rural West Elgin (approximately 2337 stops total) for a seven (7) year period beginning August 1, 2026, with the option for the Municipality to renew for two additional one (1) year period, for a total of up to nine (9) years.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
Municipality Of West Elgin