Title: RFP-004091 - Insurance Brokerage Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-937-51202985

Solicitation Number: RFP-004091

Issuing Organization: Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CNHC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-04-28

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Contact name: Diana Kurtyan

Contact email: 613748-2673

Contact phone: dkurtyan@cmhc-schl.gc.ca

Description:
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) requires the services of a qualified insurance broker to market, secure, and manage property and casualty insurance coverage, as well as to provide a comprehensive range of risk management and insurance advisory services. CMHC seeks to establish a stable, collaborative relationship with its chosen brokerage firm and insurers to ensure the corporation’s evolving insurance needs are met at competitive premium rates. The successful proponent will engage a broad spectrum of insurers, including incumbent providers, to address CMHC’s specific insurance requirements.
The term of the agreement resulting from this RFP is to be for a period of five (5) years, with an option to extend the agreement on the same terms and conditions for an additional two (2) year term.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.