Title: 26-302130 - Performance Measurement of Adaptation of Leadership of Women for a Sustainable Impact in Ecological and Equitable Rural Areas

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-68-63665500

Solicitation Number: 26-302130

Issuing Organization: Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (GAC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-05-12

Closing date: 2026-06-22

Contact name: Isabelle Doray

Contact email: 343551-0084

Contact phone: isabelle.doray@international.gc.ca

Description:
Global Affairs Canada, through the International Assistance program in Colombia, is seeking professional services to develop verification instruments, establish baseline data, monitor, verify, confirm the degree of achievement, and determine the corresponding Outcome Achievement Payments and total payments due for annually achieved and verified results by the ALIZE project.
The Performance Measurement Offeror will carry out five (5) annual verification process starting in 2026 until June 30th, 2031.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.