Title: GLPA-1000048 - Internal Audit Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-230-99037088

Solicitation Number: GLPA-1000048

Issuing Organization: Great Lakes Pilotage Authority Canada (GLPA)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Contact name: Jean Marie Vianney Mubano

Contact email: procurement-achats@glpa-apgl.com

Description:
The GLPA has issued this Request for Proposals (“RFP”) to solicit and receive formal offers from prospective Bidders (defined below) to provide outsourced internal audit services to be carried out over the next four years, 2027-2030.
The functional areas to be audited in the short-term and services to be provided (“Deliverables”) being outlined in Schedule A (Specifications) attached hereto. The purpose of this RFP process is to establish a multi-year professional services agreement with an independent firm capable of delivering risk-based internal audit and advisory services in accordance with the Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA) International Professional Practices Framework (IPPF) and the GLPA Internal Audit Charter.
The Preferred Bidder will enter into an agreement with the GLPA for a four-year term with a one-year renewal option exercisable in GLPA’s sole discretion
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.