Title: VONM2026-02 - Municipal Plan and Zoning By-Law Review and Amendment - NB

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: NB-VONM2026-02

Solicitation Number: VONM2026-02

Issuing Organization: Government of New Brunswick

Solicitation Type: TN - Tender Notice

Location: New Brunswick

Publication date: 2026-04-28

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Contact name: Nate Murchison

Contact email: 1 (506) 451-8508

AI Overview:
Professional urban planning consulting services are sought for the review and revision of a Municipal Plan and Zoning By-law, with submittals due by 3:00 p.m. on Friday, May 29, 2026.

Description:
Submittals in .pdf format marked "Request for Proposals - Village of New Maryland Municipal Plan and Zoning By-law Review and Amendment" will be received at the Village of New Maryland Municipal Office, 584 New Maryland Highway, New Maryland, N.B., until 3:00 p.m. local time, Friday, May 29, 2026.
The Village of New Maryland is seeking the offer of professional urban planning consulting services including, but not limited to, the review and revision of the Village of New Maryland Municipal Plan and Zoning By-law, for Council review and approval.
The Request for Proposal document is available via the New Brunswick Opportunities Network (NBON) repository and the Village of New Maryland website at www.vonm.ca.
The lowest or any bid will not necessarily be accepted.
Rob Pero, Development Services Manager
This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.