Title: W2282-26-AA018 - Real property project management services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-631-2489008

Solicitation Number: W2282-26-AA018

Issuing Organization: Department of National Defence (DND)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Contact name: Francisco Mendez

Contact email: (613) 901-8743

Contact phone: cmpsolicitations-sollicitationsducpm@forces.gc.ca

Description:
Produce an annual report identifying the median rents of unfurnished 1 , 2 , and 3 bedroom apartments in the markets surrounding CAF establishments and the minimum household income required to rent (per Treasury Board percentage threshold to be provided by the DND Project Authority at kick off). Provide a single standardized escalator for unfurnished accommodation across locations to inform furnished rate derivations.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.