Title: PLAN ATE2026 - Climate Adaptation and Ecological Transition Plan - NB

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: NB-PLAN ATE2026

Solicitation Number: PLAN ATE2026

Issuing Organization: Government of New Brunswick

Solicitation Type: TN - Tender Notice

Location: New Brunswick

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Contact name: Angele Spencer

Contact email: 1 (506) 877-7900

AI Overview:
Seeking professional services to update and integrate the Climate Change Adaptation Plan into a unified Ecological Transition Plan, aligning with existing municipal plans and following a structured, implementation-oriented approach.

Description:
The City of Dieppe has a Climate Change Adaptation Plan dating from 2014. (https://www.dieppe.ca/fr/hotel-de-ville/plan-d-adaptation-aux-changements-
climatiques.aspx) Given the evolution of knowledge, risks, and best practices, the City
wishes to update this plan and integrate it into a unified Ecological Transition Plan. The
reassessment of the Climate Change Adaptation Plan is funded by the Environmental Trust
Fund of the Province of New Brunswick.
The City of Dieppe follows the Federation of Canadian Municipalities' Partners for Climate
Protection protocol. It completed an emissions inventory in 2021 and adopted reduction
targets of 50% by 2031. An action plan was developed in 2024 with actions covering both the
corporate and community sectors.
The mandate is intended to integrate climate change adaptation with GHG reduction actions
and other components into an ecological transition approach. The Ecological Transition Plan
must also take into account and align with the City's other relevant master plans and
planning documents, including Parks and Green Spaces, Destination 2040, Emergency
Measures Plans, Urban Growth Strategy, and the Municipal Plan.
The expected approach must be structured, grounded in municipal realities, and
implementation-oriented, relying on rigorous analyses and a strong understanding of the
territory. It must also promote a collaborative, bilingual approach involving the various
stakeholders of the City and its ecosystem, in order to ensure buy-in, consistency of actions, and their integration into municipal practices.
This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.