Title: S5836016 - NPP –S5836016 - THS SA – One (1) 13.9 Special Advisor. Temporary Help Services against the Supply Arrangement for the National Capital Region(NCR).

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-459-6917686

Solicitation Number: S5836016

Issuing Organization: Department of National Defence (DND)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-01

Contact name: CFSG(O-G) Temp Help

Contact email: CFSGO-GTemporaryHelp-GSFCO-Gdaidetemporaire@forces.gc.ca

Description:
Temporary Help Services Requirement
This requirement is for: Department of National Defence (DND)
This requirement is open only to those supply arranement holders under EN578-172870 who qualified under the following streams and categories: Stream 13—Policy and advisory services 13.9 Special advisor Senior
This list will not be updated if additional suppliers request copies of the bid solicitation.
The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal:
• 3056058 Canada inc.
• ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp.
• ALLAN CLARKE & ASSOCIATES INC.; THE HALIFAX COMPUTER CONSULTING GROUP INC.; IN JOINT VENTURE
• BA - Tech consulting Inc.
• CLOSEREACH LTD.,OTUS STRATEGIC FINANCIAL BUSINESS PLANNING INC.,Injoint Venture
• Donna Cona Inc.
• Groupe Intersol Group Ltee.
• Maverin Inc.
• PrecisionIT Incorporated
• Thinkpoint Inc.
• Valcom Consulting group Inc.
Description of the Requirement:
Department of National Defense (DND) has a requirement for Temporary Help Services and has issued a Request for Proposal to suppliers generated from CPSS who are qualified under the streams and categories listed above.
Level of Security Requirement:
Resource(s) Minimum Security Level Required is: Secret
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.