Title: TA2746 - TA2746 - Holberg-Ronning

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005012911

Solicitation Number: TA2746

Issuing Organization: BC Timber Sales - Timber Auctions

Solicitation Type: ITB - Invitation to Bid (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Contact name: Kathleen Crowhurst

Contact email: TST.TimberAuctions@gov.bc.ca

AI Overview:
Timber Sale Licence TA2746 is being offered for sale with an estimated 23,903m³ of timber including Western Red Cedar, Hemlock, Balsam, Cypress, and Spruce. Tenders will be accepted until May 21, 2026.

Description:
TSL TA2746, Ronning
BONUS OFFER/CRUISE-BASED
Take notice that, pursuant to Section 20 of the Forest Act, Timber Sale Licence TA2746 is being offered for sale by the BC Timber Sales Seaward-tlasta Business Area. Tenders will only be accepted from individuals or corporations registered as a BC Timber Sales enterprise in Category 1 (Market) & Category 4 (Value-added under the BC Timber Sales Regulation).
Questions & Answers
Official Contact Name: Kathleen Crowhurst
All questions related to this Timber Sale Licence must be submitted in writing ONLY to the Official Contact at the following email address:
TST.TimberAuctions@gov.bc.ca
. The deadline for receiving questions is 4:30 pm on May 12, 2026.
If questions are received
, a Question & Answer document will be posted to BC Bid by 4:30 pm on May 14, 2026.
Closing Date: May 21, 2026 at 10:00 am
Closing Location: Applications will be accepted by the Timber Sales Manager, Timber Sales Office, at: 2217 Mine Road, Port McNeill, BC, V0N 2R0.
Geographic Location: Holberg-Ronning
Total Estimated Net Cruise Volume: 23,903m³, more or less
Estimated portion of Decked Volume: 3,388m3, more or less
Estimated Area: 27.5ha
Estimated Species: Western Red Cedar (CE) 10,863m3 (45%), Hemlock (HE) 10,206m3 (43%) Balsam (BA) 1,667m3 (7%), Cypress (Yellow Cedar) (CY) 638m3 (3%), Spruce (SP) 529m3 (2%), more or less.
The preceding volume and species estimates are based on samples from a Full Cruise. Please see tender package for additional detail. Bidders are strongly advised to conduct a thorough field review of the licence area to verify timber volume and grade estimates.
Licence Term: 12 months
Total Stumpage Value: $2,022,937.43. The Total Stumpage Value was determined in accordance with the Coast Appraisal Manual.
This is a cruise-based TSL pursuant to section 106 of the Forest Act. Scaling of logs is not required for billing purposes. The Total Amount of Stumpage and the Bonus Offer will be payable in periodic increments upon commencement of harvesting.
If, after reviewing the tender package, you are still unsure of the differences between a Bonus Offer and Bonus Bid, or of the differences between a cruise based and scale based TSL, please contact the Timber Sales Office identified above.
The successful applicant will be required to implement and conform to the BC Timber Sales Environmental Management System and this TSL also conforms to the standards of the following forest management certification system: Sustainable Forestry Initiative.
Be aware that BCTS has made changes to its EMS and SFM programs to meet the updated 2022 Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) Forest Management Standard. Changes impacting BCTS clients include new training requirements (Table 008-1, 0008-1A, Tailgate Training, SFI Awareness documents, and new Indigenous rights awareness information). In addition, note changes to EMS/SFM Environmental Field Procedures and Incident Reporting Procedures which occurred June 1, 2022. Supervisors and workers will need to get familiar with these changes prior to commencement of operations. These documents are posted on our external EMS/SFM website at
BC Timber Sales - Business Area Environmental Management System (EMS) and Sustainable Forest Management (SFM) - Province of British Columbia (gov.bc.ca)
. More information on SFI available at
https://forests.org/
.
All individuals, corporations or partnerships who provide direction to workers or contractors who work or operate on TSL area(s) will be required to be certified as SAFE Companies, endorsed by the BC Forest Safety Council as new entrants, or certified under a safety certification scheme recognized by the BC Forest Safety Council or BC Timber Sales, or work for an employer that is so certified or endorsed. Please also refer to the following website for more information:
https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/industry/forestry/bc-timber-sales/safety
.
On July 8, 2022 the Provincial Public Health Officer (PHO) signed an Order under the
Public Health Act
(update to earlier Orders) regarding the management of Industrial Camps to prevent and control the risk of transmission of communicable diseases, including SARS-CoV-2. The Ministry of Health has prepared a guidance document for employers and operators of Natural Resource Sector Work Camps, titled: Industrial Camps and Communicable Diseases Guidelines - Guidance for Workers, Contractors, and Employers in the Agricultural, Forestry, and Natural Resource Sectors on Implementing the Provincial Health Officer Industrial Camps Order- July 8, 2022. A copy of this guidance is available at the following weblink:
https://www2.gov.bc.ca/assets/gov/health/about-bc-s-health-care-system/office-of-the-provincial-health-officer/covid-19/guidance_all_sector_work_camps.pdf
Additional information is available on the Office of the Provincial Health Officer weblink:
https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/health/about-bc-s-health-care-system/office-of-the-provincial-health-officer/current-health-issues/covid-19-novel-coronavirus
Applicants are encouraged to confirm the status of their BCTS Enterprise registration to ensure they are eligible to apply for this timber sale licence prior to submitting a tender. Please contact the BC Timber Sales Seaward/tlasta Business Area if you are unsure of your eligibility to submit a tender.
All tender information provided for this TSL is subject to change. Any changes will be posted on this site before the closing date of the auction. It is the applicant’s responsibility to revisit this site to stay abreast of any changes that may affect their bid.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.