Title: 26-309413 - Quantity Surveying Services and Project Management Support Services for the Embassy of Canada in Côte d'Ivoire, in Abidjan

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-88-77783615

Solicitation Number: 26-309413

Issuing Organization: Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (GAC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Dates

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-11

Contact name: Meagan Leclair

Contact email: realproperty-contracts@international.gc.ca

Description:
The Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (“DFATD” ) is undertaking the relocation of the Embassy of Canada to Côte d’Ivoire, in Abidjan. The project involves the fit-out of a leased office space within a multi-tenant building with an approximate area of 1,000 m2. The space includes standard office areas, support areas, specialized construction and several special-purpose rooms typical of an Embassy.
DFATD is seeking to engage the services of a Quantity Surveyor and Project Management Support professional with experience and expertise in the local Ivorian and international market to support the new Embassy of Canada to Côte d’Ivoire, in Abidjan.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.