Title: FUEL CWRP 2026 - Fuel Management Prescription Development CWRP 2026

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005005713

Solicitation Number: FUEL CWRP 2026

Issuing Organization: City Of Quesnel

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-04

Contact name: Erin Robinson

Contact email: erobinson@quesnel.ca

AI Overview:
Seeking proposals for forestry prescription development across eight fuel treatment units totaling 59.62 hectares, including all necessary documentation, consultation, and peer-review requirements.

Description:
The City of Quesnel Forestry Initiatives Program is seeking proposals for the following work:
• Prescription development on: Demo 2 Dragon Lake Elementary, Demo 3 Aspen Heights, FTU 5 West Quesnel Uplands, FTU 6 Baker Drive SW, FTU 10 Quesnel Landfill, FTU 11 Dragon Hill Road, FTU 13 Quesnel Cemetery, FTU 15 Blackwater
• The total area for assessing is 59.62 hectares as identified in the 2025 City of Quesnel Community Wildfire Resilience Plan. Treatment area size in the final prescriptions may be smaller.
• The prescriptions need to be drafted on the required BCWS template. Production of operational scale maps and the required 2017 spatial and meta data will also be required.
• All associated: archeology, First Nations info sharing and consultation, and public engangement.
• All obligations of peer-review between MOF and BCWS staff to get the precriptions to final and sealed status.
The Contractor shall provide all necessary materials, equipment, labour, and supervision to accomplish prescriptions on 8 fuel treatment units as determined on maps attached to this invitation to tender.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
City Of Quesnel