Title: 5000094177 - 189168 - PASS RFP (Stream 8) Audit and Review Support

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-13-43627126

Solicitation Number: 5000094177

Issuing Organization: Department of Natural Resources (NRCan)

Location: National Capital Region Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-11

Closing date: 2026-05-27

Contact name: Mathew Star

Contact email: mathew.star@nrcan-rncan.gc.ca

Description:
This requirement is for: Natural Resources Canada
This requirement is open only to those PASS Supply Arrangement Holders under E60ZQ-180001 who qualified under Tier 1 (= $0 - $3.75M) and under the stated consultant category, region, level of expertise for the following categories:
Stream 8: Recipient/ Contribution Agreement Audit
1. Partner/Managing Director
2. Project Manager/Leader
3. Senior Auditor
4. Auditor
5. Junior Auditor
6. Audit Support Specialist
The requirement is intended to result in the award of one (1) contract.
The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal: Description of the Requirement:
Canada is seeking to establish a contract for Stream 8: Recipient/Contribution Agreement Audits. The resources described are required on an as and when requested.
? Altis Recruitment & Technology Inc.
? Aniko Consultants Inc., Samson & Associés-CPA Inc. -Sampson & Associates CPA-Consulting Inc., in joint venture
? BDO Canada LLP
? Deloitte LLP
? Ernst & Young LLP
? Government Solutions Group LLP
? KPMG LLP
? Lekadir LLP
? MNP LLP
? Orbist Risk Consulting Inc.
? OXARO Inc.
? Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP
? RSM Canada Consulting LP; RSM Alberta LLP; Government Solutions Group LLP – in Joint Venture
? Samson & Associés CPA/Consultation Inc
? Sprearhead Management Canada Ltd
? Welch LLP
Level of Security Requirement:
1. The Contractor must, at all times during the performance of the Contract, hold a valid Designated Organization Screening (DOS), issued by the Contract Security Program (CSP), Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC).
2. The Contractor personnel requiring access to PROTECTED information, assets, or sensitive site(s) must EACH hold a valid RELIABILITY STATUS, granted or approved by the CSP, PWGSC.
3. Processing of PROTECTED materiel electronically with the Contractor's IT equipment and/or systems is NOT permitted under this Contract. The use of personal devices to connect to or conduct any activity on GC networks and GC furnished IT equipment is strictly prohibited.
4. Subcontracts which contain security requirements are NOT to be awarded without the prior written permission of the CSP, PWGSC.
5. The Contractor must comply with the provisions of the:
a) Security Requirements Check List and Supplemental Security and Classification Guide (if applicable), attached at Annex C;
b) Contract Security Manual (Latest Edition).
Applicable Trade Agreements:
The requirement is subject to the provisions of the
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership
Canada-Columbia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement
Canada-Honduras Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement
Canada-United Kingdom Trade Continuity Agreement
World Trade Organization-Agreement on Government Procurement
Proposed period of contract:
The proposed period of contract shall be for 3 years and a 1-year option period
Inquiries:
File Number: NRCan- 5000094177
Contracting Authority: Mathew Star
E-Mail: Mathew.Star@NRCan-RNCan.gc.ca
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.