Title: WS5643100227 - EW038-261676 - RCMP Office Space Study - Iqaluit Detachment

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5643100227-Doc5668045004

Solicitation Number: WS5643100227

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Nunavut

Publication date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Contact name: Fagan, Mike (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: mike.fagan@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Please note that late submissions will not be considered or accepted. This procurement is subject to the Directive on Government Contracts, Including Real Property Leases, in the Nunavut Settlement Area. This solicitation is limited for bidding among firms registered on the Inuit Firm Registry (IFR). Public Services & Procurement Canada (PSPC) on behalf of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), requires the services of an architectural firm (Consultant), acting as the Prime Consultant with a multi-disciplinary team of sub-consultants for the delivery of services required for this project. The RCMP requires professional furniture assessment, functional programming and investigatory analyses within their territorial Headquarters in Iqaluit, Nunavut, to develop comprehensive furniture assessment and inventories, functional programming and test fit layouts, informing the future potential optimization of office space for each of the buildings. Refer to the Terms of Reference for a fill description of the requirement.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.