Title: 1000272328 - Canadian Total Diet Study Sample Collection

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-412-42266096

Solicitation Number: 1000272328

Issuing Organization: Department of Health (HC)

Solicitation Type: RFI - Request for Information (Informal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-06-01

Contact name: Sami Nouh

Contact email: (613) 324-8061

Contact phone: sami.nouh@hc-sc.gc.ca

Description:
Project Title: Canadian Total Diet Study Sample Collection
Purpose:
The purpose of this Request for Information (RFI) is to seek information from potential suppliers regarding the collection of food samples for the Canadian Total Diet Study (TDS).
Health Canada requires the services of a contractor to purchase food samples in the city of Calgary, Alberta, and package and ship them to Ottawa. The Canadian Total Diet Study (TDS) is a food surveillance program that monitors the concentrations of chemical contaminants in foods typically consumed by Canadians.
In autumn 2026, Health Canada requires a contractor to purchase the TDS foods from grocery stores, fast food outlets, takeout restaurants, and specialty food establishments; package them for shipping, and ship them to Ottawa.
Health Canada’s Total Diet Study provides estimates of dietary intake of priority chemicals for Canadians. Its results are published in peer-reviewed journals, on open government websites, and are used by evaluators and policy makers to provide guidance and recommendations on food safety practices.
The 2026 Total Diet Study will collect foods from the city of Calgary, Alberta. A variety of brands and producers is important, therefore for each food item, four different brands or store locations are required. The breakdown of the total number of food items to be collected is as follows: 648 items from grocery stores, 32 fast food items, 28 restaurant takeout items, and 17 specialty store items.
The foods must be packaged for shipment to prevent breakage, spills, and cross-contamination, and to preserve food integrity. Non-perishable items must be packaged to prevent damage/cross-contamination. Perishable meats must be frozen prior to shipping and shipped in suitable thermally insulated containers packed with dry ice. Perishable produce, dairy, or other refrigerated items must be shipped in suitable thermally insulated containers packed with ice packs. The breakdown of packing requirements is as follows:
• 205 non-perishable items;
• 352 perishable (refrigerated with ice packs) items;
• 168 frozen (dry ice) items.
Health Canada will:
• Provide detailed shopping instructions for foods to be collected;
• Be available for communication, to clarify or answer questions;
• Reimburse the costs of food purchases, shipping, and supplies;
The Contractor will:
• Purchase all required shipping, packaging, and labelling supplies;
• Collect all food samples in accordance with Health Canada’s detailed shopping instructions;
• Package all food samples for shipping in accordance with Health Canada requirements and applicable shipping regulations;
• Record a detailed record of purchases and shipping expenses, and submit documentation to Health Canada for reimbursement.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.