Title: 21120-26-5356731 - Aftercare Psychological Services – London, Ontario

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-747-31019502

Solicitation Number: 21120-26-5356731

Issuing Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: London

Publication date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Contact name: Stéphanie Gigoux

Contact email: (343) 574-3715

Contact phone: stephanie.gigoux@csc-scc.gc.ca

Description:
Aftercare Psychological Services – London, Ontario
This requirement is for: The Correctional Service of Canada, London Ontario.
Trade agreement: This procurement is not subject to any trade agreement.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement: This solicitation is open only to Canadian suppliers.
Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest priced compliant bid.
Set-aside under the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business: This procurement is not subject to any set-asides for Indigenous Suppliers.
Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: This procurement is not subject to a Comprehensive Land Claims Agreement.
Security Requirements: This contract includes security requirements.
Nature of Requirements:
The following is a summary of the statement of work for this requirement.
The Correctional Service of Canada (CSC) Health Services require the services of a psychologist for offenders located in the Greater Ontario and Nunavut District in the Ontario Region.
Objectives: To provide essential and non-essential mental health or psychological assessment or
psychological risk assessment services, or both to offenders, as requested by the Project Authority, as a psychologist at the Contractor’s business location in the London area in the Ontario Region or other CSC approved locations when needed, including Personal Health Information Protection Act
(PHIPA) approved video conferencing devices with prior approval by the Project Authority.
Deliverables: To provide psychological assessment or treatment services, or both as a Registered
Psychologist in Ontario for a maximum of 150 hours per year.
The treatment/counselling orientation utilized by Correctional Service Canada (CSC) is cognitive-behavioral. All psychological treatments offered to offenders by the contractors must be evidence-based with known application to offender populations.
The principal focus of treatment will depend on the nature of the referral and the offender's needs.
Although the usual objectives of treatment include the reduction of risk to reoffend, a priority should also be placed on the amelioration of the offender's mental health and emotional or behavioral functioning, including feelings, attitudes, beliefs and behaviours that moderately to severely impact or interfere with daily functioning. The offender's motivation for the index offence (particularly in cases of sexual offenders) should be addressed in this context.
Any conditions for participation of suppliers not specified in solicitation documentation: none.
Estimated quantity of commodity: see solicitation document statement of work and basis of payment.
Duration of Contract and Time Frame for Delivery:
Period of the Contract: The Work is to be performed during the period of August 1, 2026 to July 31, 2029.
File Number: 21120-26-5356731
Contracting Authority: Stéphanie Gigoux
Telephone number: 343-574-3715
E-mail: stephanie.gigoux@csc-scc.gc.ca
NOTE TO BIDDERS: Bidders can obtain the complete statement of work and evaluation criteria by downloading the solicitation document and associated documents from the Canada buys / tender opportunities website.
The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada (English or French).
After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
Procurement Assistance Canada (PAC) offers seminars to businesses interested in learning how to sell goods and services to the Government of Canada. The seminars are FREE.
Topics include:
- Understand the federal procurement process;
- Learn about searching for opportunities;
- Find out how to bid on opportunities;
- Discover how to prepare to sell to the government.
The full schedule of seminars can be found on the Procurement Assistance Canada website, under find an event (Procurement Assistance Canada: Find an event - Canada.ca).
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.