Title: W847S-270243 - Naval ship signature and combat system effectors test and evaluation (T&E) capabilities

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-219-85973538

Solicitation Number: W847S-270243

Issuing Organization: Department of National Defence (DND)

Solicitation Type: ACAN - Advance Contract Award Notice (Formal)

Location: Canada

Publication date: 2026-05-05

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Contact name: Mathew Araujo

Contact email: (343) 630-3894

Contact phone: pmorcdbids-bpdcfroffres@forces.gc.ca

Description:
An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) is a public notice informing suppliers that Canada intends to award a contract for goods, services or construction to a pre-identified supplier, and invites other suppliers to express their interest by submitting a statement of capabilities. If no other supplier submits a statement of capabilities demonstrating how they meet the set requirements in the ACAN by the closing date stated in the ACAN, the
buyer may then proceed with the award to the pre-identified supplier. The Department of National Defense is issuing this Advanced contract award notice for the acquisition of ongoing technical consultation services related to naval ship signature and combat system effectors test and evaluation (T&E) capabilities. All details related to the requirement are found in the advanced notice.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.