Title: AB-2026-03578 - Provincial AIS eDNA Monitoring – North

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005034349

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03578

Issuing Organization: Alberta Environment and Protected Areas

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-05-25

Contact name: Nicole Kimmel

Contact email: epa.ais@gov.ab.ca

AI Overview:
Alberta Environment and Protected Areas requires eDNA monitoring services for early detection of aquatic invasive species, particularly invasive mussels, and fish diseases at high-priority waterbodies in the north section during the summer seasonal window.

Description:
Alberta Environment and Protected Areas (EPA) has a mandate to monitor for aquatic invasive species (AIS) and fish diseases. Aquatic invasive species, particularly zebra, quagga, and golden mussels, pose a significant threat to Alberta’s water infrastructure, as well as fish and wildlife populations. While invasive mussels have been detected in multiple provinces and U.S. states across North America, including Manitoba and Idaho, they have not been found in Alberta waters to date. However, since watercraft inspection stations were established in 2013, 214 watercraft contaminated with invasive mussels have been intercepted. Fish diseases, including whirling disease and Proliferative Kidney Disease (PKD), also present serious concerns for fisheries management. Recent detections of these diseases highlight the need for ongoing surveillance and delimitation to better understand their distribution and potential impacts. Environmental DNA (eDNA) monitoring is a preferred method for detecting elusive aquatic invasive species (AIS) at an early point of an infestation (i.e. if a contaminated watercraft evades watercraft inspection and launches into an Alberta waterbody). Early detection monitoring enables early response, including containment actions, leading to better eradication attempts and reducing economic and environmental impacts. High-priority waterbodies have been identified across Alberta, based on greatest risk for invasive mussel introduction and establishment, as well as the most at-risk fisheries. eDNA sampling at these waterbodies during the optimal seasonal window (summer) is required for early detection of invasive mussels and will leverage other AIS targets simultaneously. The high-priority waterbodies have been divided into two sections (“North” and “South”); this project pertains to eDNA monitoring of high-priority waterbodies in the north section.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.