Title: CS27TBH001 - CS27TBH001 - Professional Biologist Services - Chilliwack and Squamish Field Teams

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00004995499

Solicitation Number: CS27TBH001

Issuing Organization: BC Timber Sales

Solicitation Type: ITT - Invitation to Tender (Formal)

Location: British Columbia

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-11

Contact name: Forests.ChinookTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

Contact email: Forests.ChinookTimberSalesOffice@gov.bc.ca

AI Overview:
Professional Biologist Services required for Northern Goshawk nest monitoring surveys at approximately 10 known nest sites, with potential for additional sites if new activity is observed.

Description:
BCTS BC Bid Solicitation Standard
CS27TBH001 – Professional Biologist Services – Chilliwack and Squamish Field Teams
The proposed contract requires the completion of nest monitoring surveys for Northern Goshawk at approximately
10 known nest sites
within the Fraser and Soo TSA's in Chilliwack and Squamish districts (BCTS Chinook Business Area). Current nest sites have known activity (nest detection). The potential for other additional sites, if newly identified Northern Goshawks activity is observed (nest or bird observation), may be added to the scope of work.
Additional work such as surveys for other Species of Management Concern, policy guidance and advice may be included on an as and when required basis.
The contract will require the services of a Registered Professional Biologist and additional staff as needed.
The Statement of Qualifications and Experience
must be completed and submitted with the tender submission.
Work will be conducted in isolated areas including ATV, boat, and/or helicopter access sites.
The surveys will assess species distribution and abundance, habitat quality and use, conservation and management considerations, and legislated reporting requirements related to the species at risk.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to
bcbid.gov.bc.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.