Title: J091024/A - Web Scraping Services for Statistics Canada

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-406-66310092

Solicitation Number: J091024/A

Issuing Organization: Statistics Canada (StatCan)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Contact name: Shuo Chen

Contact email: (343) 992-1674

Contact phone: statcan.macsbids-smcsoumissions.statcan@statcan.gc.ca

Description:
DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT
This Request for Proposal (RFP) is being issued to obtain web scraped data from Canadian websites for use by Statistics Canada for statistical and research purposes. Statistics Canada is only interested in acquiring data, and not in purchasing software or a license to use an established software as a service (SAAS) solution.
QUALIFICATION
This solicitation of offers is subject to the Policy on Reciprocal Procurement. This means that only Canadian Suppliers and Suppliers of an Applicable Trading Partner, as defined in the Annex Solicitation of Offers Definitions, are eligible for this solicitation of offers. Offers submitted by Suppliers of a Non-Trading Partner will be rejected.
EVALUATION PROCESS AND SELECTION METHODOLOGY
Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit (70%) and Price (30%)
SECURITY REQUIREMENTS
N/A
DURATION OF CONTRACT
It is intended to result in the award of one (1) contract, from the date of contract award to 18 months later, plus four (4) irrevocable option one-year periods allowing Canada to extend the term of the Contract.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.