Title: AB-2026-03232 - Springbank Dam (SR1) Operations, Maintenance and Surveillance Expert Technical Advisory Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005013063

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03232

Issuing Organization: Agriculture and Irrigation

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-04

Contact name: Bradley Harlick

Contact email: bradley.harlick@gov.ab.ca

AI Overview:
Expert technical services are required for the operation and maintenance of the Springbank Dam (SR1), an extreme-consequence dry flood mitigation facility designed to reduce impacts of major flood events along the Elbow River.

Description:
Springbank Dam (SR1) is a dry, off‑stream flood mitigation facility designed to reduce the impacts of major flood events along the Elbow River through the City of Calgary. Classified as an extreme‑consequence dry dam, SR1 represents an estimated $1‑billion investment spanning a large geographic footprint, and incorporating major civil works, sophisticated mechanical, electrical, control systems, and extensive instrumentation. This infrastructure requires ongoing maintenance and careful operation in accordance with the Operations, Maintenance, and Surveillance Manuals, regulatory requirements as well as established best practices, to ensure it remains fully functional for annual flood‑management readiness. Given the scale, complexity, and critical public‑safety role of SR1, the Operations team requires expert technical services with specialized experience in large‑scale flood‑control infrastructure to strategize planning, development and implementation of emergency preparedness and response plans, operations, maintenance and surveillance plans, and occupational health and safety plans. The development and implementation of these plans are a regulatory requirement under the provincial Water Act, the Alberta Dam and Canal Safety Directive (2018), and the Alberta OH&S Act, Code and Regulation, and are critical to the safe operations of the Project. This expertise will help develop and optimize maintenance and surveillance programs, strengthen operational planning, ensure all regulatory, technical, and safety requirements are met, and equip the operational team with the knowledge required to successfully and safely manage this significant provincial asset.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.