Title: AB-2026-03504 - Facilitation Of Meetings For The Ronald Lake Buffalo Herd Cooperative Management Board

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005030836

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03504

Issuing Organization: Alberta Environment and Protected Areas

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-06

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Contact name: Scott Wilson

Contact email: epa.speciesatriskandstewardship@gov.ab.ca

AI Overview:
A facilitator is required to organise meetings for the Ronald Lake Buffalo Herd Cooperative Management Board and its Indigenous Knowledge Committee, guide discussions, resolve conflicts, and maintain participant focus on common goals.

Description:
Project Background: The Ronald Lake Buffalo Herd Cooperative Management Board was established in 2019 as an advisory board through Ministerial Order (19/2019). The purpose of the Board is to advise the Minister of Environment and Protected Areas (EPA): On matters related to the long-term sustainability of the Ronald Lake Bison Herd, including sustainability of Indigenous traditional use of, and cultural connection to, the herd. In developing its recommendations, the Board shall consider both Indigenous Knowledge and Western Science. A facilitator is required to organize meetings for the Board and its Indigenous Knowledge Committee, guide discussion during meetings, resolve conflicts, and maintain to focus of participants on common goals.
Project Objectives: To deliver effective facilitation of meetings of the Board and its Indigenous Committee to allow the Board to fulfill its purpose.
Key Stakeholders: The Board is made up of seven Indigenous communities and organizations, industry stakeholders, an environmental non-governmental organization, and provincial and federal government agencies.
Related Project Documents: Background information on the Board (e.g., terms of reference, ministerial order) is available through its website https://www.alberta.ca/ronald-lake-buffalo-herd-cooperative-management-board
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.