Title: WS5465808771 - EP921-251499 – RFSO - Heritage Conservation and Landscape Architectural Services

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: WS5465808771-Doc5526401812

Solicitation Number: WS5465808771

Issuing Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Solicitation Type: RFSO - Request for Standing Offer (Formal)

Location: National Capital Region

Publication date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Contact name: Ocheoha, Yvonne (SPAC/PSPC)

Contact email: yvonne.ocheoha@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) is inviting consulting firms with Heritage Conservation and Landscape Architecture expertise to submit proposals for Standing Offers. This procurement will follow a one phase submission process. The selected consultants shall provide a range of services as identified in the Required Services section of this document for engineering projects in the National Capital Region (NCR). It is PWGSC's intention to authorize up to three (3) Standing Offers, each of these Standing Offers will be for a period of three (3) years from the date of issuance. If the Standing Offer is authorized for use beyond the initial period, the Consultant offers to extend its Proposal by up to two (2) additional irrevocable one (1) year periods under the same conditions and rates specified in the Standing Offer. Late submissions will not be considered. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.