Title: AB-2026-03020 - CEO Compensation Market Evaluation

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005003296

Solicitation Number: AB-2026-03020

Issuing Organization: College of Registered Nurses of Alberta

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Alberta

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-04-30

Contact name: Stewart Hong

Contact email: shong@nurses.ab.ca

AI Overview:
A competitive procurement is being undertaken to engage a qualified vendor to conduct a CEO Compensation Market Evaluation to establish a defensible market position and support evidence-based compensation decisions.

Description:
CRNA is governed by Council and conducts regular performance and compensation reviews of its Chief Executive Officer (CEO) & Registrar in accordance with its governance framework. As part of its responsibilities, the organization periodically engages external expertise to support executive compensation decision-making. CRNA is undertaking a competitive procurement to engage a qualified vendor to conduct a CEO Compensation Market Evaluation during the current fiscal year. The purpose of this work is to establish a defensible market position for the CEO role and to support informed, transparent, and evidence-based compensation decisions. The CEO role also includes the statutory role of Registrar of the College. While day-to-day Registrar functions are carried out by delegated staff, the combined scope of the CEO/Registrar role is a relevant consideration in assessing market comparability and compensation alignment. This RFP represents a standalone procurement specific to the CEO compensation market evaluation. Vendors responding to this RFP should have experience providing executive compensation benchmarking services in comparable public interest, regulatory, or complex organizational environments.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued on
purchasing.alberta.ca
. MERX asks that you refer to the
purchasing.alberta.ca
notice for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the notice abstract.