Title: RHP 2026-012 - Project: tender_21787 - Provincial Clinical Lead for Indigenous Palliative Care

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: 00005035223

Solicitation Number: RHP 2026-012

Issuing Organization: Ontario Shared Services

Solicitation Type: EOI - Expression of Interest (Informal)

Location: Ontario

Purchase Type: Not Stated

Publication date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-06-08

Contact name: Amir Jafari

Contact email: amir.jafari@ontariohealth.ca

Description:
Call for Expression of Interest (EOI)
Ontario Health is seeking expressions of interest from palliative care health service providers for the position of Provincial Clinical Lead for Indigenous Palliative Care. This is a unique opportunity to provide strategic leadership to the evolution of the Provincial Palliative Care Program. This opportunity is open to all qualified candidates.
This is a unique opportunity to provide strategic leadership to drive quality, accountability and innovation for clinical system improvements in palliative care, working in collaboration with the Provincial Palliative Care Physician Clinical Lead.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments. MERX stipulates that potential bidders may also be required to register with the buying authority as a bidder/plan taker. The contact information can be found within the main tender document and/or on this notice abstract.
Toutes les modifications associées à cet avis d’appel d’offres ainsi que les documents, les plans et les spécifications sont générés par l’entité responsable des achats (l’acheteur). S’il vous plait, contactez-le directement pour les addenda. Veuillez notez qu’il se peut que les fournisseurs soient obligés de s’inscrire directement avec l’acheteur. Vous pouvez trouver leur coordonnées dans le document principal ou dans l’abstrait de l’avis d’appel d’offre.
Source:
https://ontariotenders.app.jaggaer.com/