Title: W2037-27-0379/A - CFSCE Instructor Led Training:Maintaining Advanced Strategic Grounding and Bonding Systems

Status: This solicitation is OPEN

Reference Number: cb-339-70860788

Solicitation Number: W2037-27-0379/A

Issuing Organization: Department of National Defence (DND)

Solicitation Type: RFP - Request for Proposal (Formal)

Location: Ontario

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-08

Contact name: MAURA ARCHIBALD

Contact email: MAURA.ARCHIBALD@FORCES.GC.CA

Description:
NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT
The Department of National Defence is seeking offers from Offerors to provide onsite instructor-led classroom and hands-on practical training of Maintaining Advanced Strategic Grounding and Bonding Systems at Canadian Forces School of Communications and Electronics (CFSCE) in Kingston, Ontario.
Services required have anticipated dates of October 2026 and May 2027 as outlined in Request for Proposal (RFP)
File Number: W2037-27-0379/A
Contracting Authority:
Maura Archibald
Maura.Archibald@forces.gc.ca
The requirement is subject to the Policy on Reciprocal Procurement. This means that only Canadian Suppliers and Suppliers of an Applicable Trading Partner, as defined in the Annex Solicitation of Offers Definitions, are eligible for this solicitation of offers.
The Crown retains the rights to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
See more

Disclaimer:
Disclaimer
Government of Canada (GC) tender notices and awards, solicitation documents and tender attachments are available free of charge and without registration on
canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
, the authoritative location for GC tenders.
You may have received this tender notice or award through a third-party distributor. The Government of Canada is not responsible for any tender notices and/or related documents and attachments not accessed directly through canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities.
This Government of Canada tender notice or tender award carries an
Open Government Licence - Canada
that governs its use. Related solicitation documents and/or tender attachments are copyright protected. Please refer to the section about
Commercial Reproduction
in the canadabuys.canada.ca/en Terms and Conditions for more information.
Contains information licensed under the Open Government license - Canada. Contains data reproduced and distributed with the permission of the Government of Canada, on an "as is" basis.