Title: City of Edmonton - Negotiated Request for Proposal - 939535 Arena Parts and Repair Services

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03342

Publication date: 2026-04-28

Closing date: 2026-05-25

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 12 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 31161500 Screws | 30170000 Doors and windows and glass | 31160000 Hardware | 31162400 Miscellaneous fasteners | 72100000 Building and facility maintenance and repair services | 72101500 Building maintenance and repair services | 72101501 Handyman services | 72101507 Building maintenance service | 72103300 Infrastructure maintenance and repair services | 72102200 Electrical services | 72101601 Roofing installation or repair

Organization: City of Edmonton

Contracting authority: Leanne Waye

Description:
Posting Summary
Procurement Description
The City of Edmonton invites bidders to submit bids for this Sourcing Event for the Arena Parts and Repair Services. The Work to be performed by the successful bidder is outlined in the Description of Work document attached to the Form of Agreement Section in the SAP Ariba platform.
This Contract involves the supply of Goods and the provision of all labour, materials, and equipment required to perform maintenance Services for Planned Work and Unplanned Work required for City of Edmonton arenas on an if, as, and when required basis.
How to Access the Sourcing Event
Bidders who are interested in submitting their bids should click on “Respond to Posting” and accept and submit Prerequisites to this Sourcing Event in order to view the complete Sourcing Event. Bidders will then need to accept the bidder agreement and accept the Prerequisites to view the complete Sourcing Event.
Bidders whose organizations are already transacting with the City of Edmonton through Ariba for Buying and Invoicing should use their “enabled” (transactional) Supplier Ariba account (current and valid ANID Account Number) to respond to this opportunity. Please speak to your Ariba system administrator regarding creating a user profile in your organization’s transactional account. If you are unsure of whether your organization is transacting with City of Edmonton for Buying and Invoicing, or if you need help with finding the right contact within your organization, please contact
suppliermanagement@edmonton.ca
The City is not responsible for any failure of the Ariba website, though bidders are encouraged to notify the City of any website issues.
Ariba Discovery has a Help feature in the top right corner of the screen, which provides step-by-step instructions, videos and live help. Additionally, training resources are available for suppliers in Ariba Discovery: Searching and Bidding on Procurement Opportunities sections on City of Edmonton’s website:
https://www.edmonton.ca/business_economy/selling_to_the_city/sap-ariba.aspx?utm_source=virtualaddress&utm_campaign=SAPAriba
Opportunity Amount
The Opportunity Amount indicated is not reflective of the actual budget or estimated spend for the Contract. The City is not disclosing that amount at this time. The Opportunity Amount is not binding on the City and bidders will have no claim against the City for any difference between the Opportunity Amount and the final Contract amount.
The Description of Work document attached to this posting is intended to give prospective bidders an idea of the scope of services prior to logging into the Sourcing Event. This Description of Work document is in its original form and will not reflect any changes that may have occurred. Bidders must log into Ariba to view the Souring Event details and up to date requirements. All documents attached to this Discovery Posting are for information only.

Trade agreements:
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)