Title: Canada Technical Assistance Partnership – Expert Deployment Mechanism (CTAP-EDM)

Solicitation number: 26-298020

Publication date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-06-17

Last amendment date: 2026-05-08

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: National Capital Region (NCR)

Contract duration: 24 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 84101500 Development assistance

Organization: Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (GAC)

Contracting authority: Sarah Dubé Poudrette

Email: urp-bru@international.gc.ca

Description:
Technical Assistance Partnership – Expert Deployment Mechanism (TAP-EDM)
In an increasingly complex and interconnected global landscape—shaped by shifting norms, strategic competition, and economic uncertainty—Canada’s international engagement must reflect both national priorities and a deep responsiveness to the development needs identified by partner countries. As part of its evolving foreign policy and economic diplomacy approach, DFATD, through its Missions abroad, receives frequent requests from governments in countries eligible for ODA for targeted Canadian expertise to help address pressing public sector challenges and institutional capacity gaps.
To respond to these needs, DFATD established the Technical Assistance Partnership – Expert Deployment Mechanism (TAP-EDM) in 2019. This initiative facilitated the deployment of short-term, strategic Canadian technical assistance in areas where Canada has recognized strengths. TAP-EDM was designed to be flexible and demand-driven, aligning with partner countries’ self-identified priorities.
Building on the TAP-EDM model, the new CTAP-EDM will once again offer the unique opportunity to leverage Canadian expertise to help address global challenges and accelerate progress on Canada’s foreign policy, trade, and international assistance priorities. It will reinforce Canada’s international leadership, enhance its global visibility, and foster mutual learning and exchange. By connecting Canadian professionals with international counterparts, the Project will strengthen bilateral relationships and people-to-people ties, promote innovation, and support the development of effective, inclusive, accountable, sustainable, resilient and gender responsive national level entities in ODA-eligible countries.
Additional information on DFATD’s Official Development Assistance eligible countries is available at:
http://www.oecd.org/dac/financing-sustainable-development/development-f…
Key elements of CTAP-EDM include the following:
Any country that is eligible for Official Development Assistance (ODA) can request assistance when they need specialized expertise (for example, in health, education, agriculture, governance, or technology).
The request must come from a national government entity and is submitted through the Canadian embassy or mission for that country.
The Canadian mission reviews the request to make sure it aligns with Canada’s priorities and is well-defined. Then it is sent to the TAP team at Global Affairs Canada headquarters for further analysis and approval.
If approved, the request is sent to the executing agency, which designs an approach and identifies the right Canadian experts to respond. These experts are drawn from across Canada (government, private sector, academia, and civil society).
The technical assistance can last anywhere from approximately 3 weeks to 1 year. It can include Canadian experts traveling to the partner country to provide hands-on support. It can also include bringing key officials from the partner country to Canada to learn directly from Canadian institutions and see how solutions work in practice.
CTAP-EDM is meant to be nimble and responsive, providing targeted, practical support where it is needed most, without long delays. Overall, CTAP-EDM should help showcase Canadian expertise and technology while building strong partnerships between Canada and partner countries, helping address development challenges with tailored, high-quality support, for mutual benefit.

Trade agreements:
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- Request for proposal 26-298020.pdf | EN | 2026/05/08

- Demande de propositions 26-298020.pdf | FR | 2026/05/08