Title: Southern Alberta Institute of Technology - Request for Proposal - SAIT Exclusive Cold Beverage Supplier

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03087

Publication date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 60 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 50200000 Beverages

Organization: Southern Alberta Institute of Technology

Contracting authority: Benjamin Lerner

Email: benjamin.lerner@sait.ca

Description:
SAIT is inviting experienced and qualified suppliers of cold carbonated and non-carbonated beverage solutions to submit an innovative proposal in response to this Request for Proposal (RFP). This would include providing consistent, high quality cold beverage products and associated services. This RFP includes cold beverage services for existing SAIT facilities as well as the Taylor Family Campus Centre (TFCC), which is currently under construction. The TFCC will be a high traffic, multi use destination facility that supports a wide range of events, student activities, athletics, and community use. Beverage solutions proposed should be designed to accommodate variable demand, peak volumes, and event driven sales opportunities for current SAIT campus’ and future state. The supplier must demonstrate innovation, collaboration, and strong commitment to service excellence while aligning with SAIT’s operational, financial, and sustainability objectives.
SAIT is seeking to establish a long term, exclusive and strategic partnership with a supplier that ensures consistent availability of high-quality cold beverage products that meet the needs of students, staff, visitors, and event attendees. The selected supplier will support variable demand and high volume usage across a diverse campus environment, including event driven locations. The supplier will also be capable of supporting future growth, additional facilities, and evolving service requirements while establishing a sustainable and transparent pricing structure that supports long term partnership with SAIT's vendor partners and fair market pricing.
A mandatory Bidders Meeting/Tour will take place on Wednesday April 29th, starting at 1:00pm MST. Submissions of Bidders who do not attend the mandatory meeting will not be considered. To confirm your attendance, please email the Purchasing Officer identified prior to the tour with the name(s) and title(s) of the representatives who will be present during the site visit. Interested suppliers will be asked to attend the tour on SAIT's main campus – 1301 – 16 Avenue NW, Calgary, AB T2M 0L4. Meeting room location will be provided prior to the tour.

Trade agreements:
No trade agreements are applicable to this solicitation process