Title: TSPS - Change Management Consultant

Solicitation number: 30007648

Publication date: 2026-03-24

Closing date: 2026-04-30

Last amendment date: 2026-04-21

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: National Capital Region (NCR)

Contract duration: 24 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Selective Tendering

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 80172103 Change management communication and advisory service

Organization: Department of Fisheries and Oceans (DFO)

Contracting authority: Manon Paulin

Email: DFO.Tenders-Soumissions.MPO@dfo-mpo.gc.ca

Description:
NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT (NPP)
for
TASK Based Professional Services (TSPS) Requirement
This requirement is for: Fisheries and Oceans Canada
This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders under E60ZT-18TSPS who qualified under Tier 2, under the National Capital Region, level of expertise and for the following category:
Up to ten (10) Change Management Consultants (2.6) – Senior Level
The requirement is intended to result in the award of one (1) Contract.
Businesses holding this procurement arrangement are invited to submit a proposal.
Description of the Requirement:
Fisheries and Oceans Canada have a requirement for Task and Solutions Professional Services – Task Based (TSPS) under the TSPS Supply Arrangement (SA) method of supply.
Security:
There are security requirements associated with this requirement. Please note that SA Holders do not need to have the required clearance to submit a bid. For additional information, consult Part 6 - Security, Financial and Other Requirements, and Part 7 – Resulting Contract Clauses. For more information on personnel and organization security screening or security clauses, Bidders should refer to the Contract Security Program of Public Works and Government Services Canada (
http://www.tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca/esc-src/introduction-eng.html
) website.
Level of Security Requirement:
Security Requirement:
Common PS SRCL #6 applies
Minimum Corporate Security Required:
Designated organization screening (DOS)
Minimum Resource Security Required:
Reliability status
Document Safeguarding Security Level Required:
N/A
Applicable Trade Agreements:
The requirement is subject to the provisions of the World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP), the Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA), the Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA), the Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement (CColFTA), the Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement (CPanFTA), the Canada-Honduras Free-Trade Agreement, the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), the Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), the Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA), the Agreement on Trade Continuity between Canada and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Proposed period of contract:
The proposed period of contract shall be from the Contract award plus two (2) years.
Estimated Level of Effort:
The estimated level of effort of the contract will be for 230 days per year.
File Number: 30007648
Contracting Authority: Manon Paulin
Phone Number: 438-468-3247
E-Mail:
DFO.Tenders-Soumissions.MPO@dfo-mpo.gc.ca
Inquiries:
Inquiries regarding this Request for Proposal (RFP) requirement must be submitted to the Contracting Authority named above. RFP documents will be e-mailed directly by the Contracting Authority to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT “CANADABUYS.CANADA.CA” ” IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with any supplier on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language.
Debriefings:
Bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within 15 working days from receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
NOTE: The Task and Solutions Professional Services (TSPS) Method of Supply is subject to quarterly refresh cycles. If you wish to find out how you can be a “Qualified SA Holder”, please contact
SPTS.TSPS@TPSGC-PWGSC.GC.CA

Trade agreements:
Please refer to tender description or tender documents

Reason for limited tendering:
None