Title: Town of Crossfield - Negotiated Request for Proposal - Crossfield Land Use Bylaw Renewal

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03721

Publication date: 2026-05-12

Closing date: 2026-06-05

Last amendment date: 2026-05-15

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 9 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 81101524 City development planning service

Organization: Town of Crossfield

Contracting authority: Steve Altena

Email: stevea@crossfieldalberta.com

Description:
The Town of Crossfield (the “Town”) invites proposals from qualified planning consultants (the “Proponent”) to undertake a comprehensive review and renewal of the Town’s Land Use Bylaw (LUB), including associated amendments to the Municipal Development Plan (MDP), as further described in this Request for Proposal (RFP).
Proponents must demonstrate, through their submission, their qualifications, experience, and capacity to deliver the services outlined in this RFP. Detailed submission requirements, evaluation criteria, and qualification requirements are provided within this document.
The RFP documents are publicly available through the Alberta Purchasing Connection (APC) website, and the Town’s website. Please note that there will be no public opening of the proposals received in response to this RFP.
The Town of Crossfield is a rapidly growing community with a strong industrial base, located approximately 50 km north of Calgary, Alberta, along Highway 2A. The Town has experienced annual population growth of approximately 4% to 5% in recent years and had a population of 4,211 as of 2024.
The Town is undertaking a comprehensive rewrite of the LUB to provide clear direction for future development in Crossfield and to support the vision and objectives of the recently updated Municipal Development Plan (MDP) (2025). Town Council adopted a Terms of Reference (TOR) for the project.
The objective of this Request for Proposal (RFP) is to select the most qualified Proponent to provide professional planning services to the Town for the development of a new LUB and amendments to the MDP, with a vision to:
- Balance flexibility and certainty for development in alignment with the direction of the updated MDP, while allowing for creative, context-sensitive development while maintaining clear expectations.
- Meet community needs by enabling greater choice in housing, employment opportunities, neighbourhood composition and gathering spaces.
- Promote local economic growth by enabling local businesses to establish, grow and support the everyday lives of residents.
- Promote community well-being, growth and investment, while supporting the development of complete communities.
- Provide appropriate and proportionate regulation for a range of land uses that address current and future community needs.
- Develop a document that is accessible and user-friendly for residents, applicants, Administration, and decision makers.
The Town seeks a Proponent who will engage effectively with Town staff, Council, the public and other stakeholders; demonstrate expertise and creativity; and bring critical and strategic thinking to the project. The successful Proponent must deliver high-quality services in a timely and responsive manner, while providing cost-effective and innovative solutions that maximize value for the Town.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)