Title: Fall Protection Vocational Training

Solicitation number: 21C80-26-5052771

Publication date: 2026-05-12

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Canada

Contract duration: 12 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Lowest Price

Commodity: 86101803 Vocational rehabilitation services

Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Contracting authority: Emma Martel

Email: Emma.Martel@csc-scc.gc.ca

Description:
Fall Protection Vocational Training, CORCAN in Pacific Region
This requirement is for: The Correctional Service of Canada, CORCAN at Mission Minimum Institution, Mission Medium Institution, Mountain Institution, Kent Institution, Kwìkwèxwelhp Healing Village, Pacific Institution, Matsqui Institution, Fraser Valley Institution and William Head Institution within the Pacific Region.
Trade agreement:
This procurement is not subject to any trade agreement.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement:
This solicitation is open only to Canadian suppliers.
Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest priced compliant bid
Set-aside under the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business:
This procurement is not subject to any set-asides for Indigenous Suppliers.
Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement:
This procurement is not subject to a Comprehensive Land Claims Agreement.
Security Requirements: This contract includes security requirements.
Nature of Requirements:
The following is a summary of the statement of work for this requirement.
The Correctional Service Canada (CSC) is committed to providing programming to federally sentenced offenders to meet their employment needs, consistent with community standards and labour market conditions. To meet these needs, CSC offers vocational training to offenders serving a federal sentence.
CORCAN, a Special Operating Agency of the Correctional Service of Canada, has a requirement to provide a series of FALL PROTECTION courses leading to third-party certification to offenders at various federal institutions in the Pacific Region, in British Columbia.
Objectives:
The Contractor must deliver a series of FALL PROTECTION Certificate courses, recognized by the Provincial Regulatory Body (WorkSafe BC and Board of Education BC), that apply to various industry sectors, not just construction.
Learning objective:
Upon successful completion of this training, offenders will receive a valid third-party certificate that will allow them to work in jobs requiring FALL PROTECTION. The training program that the Contractor provides must include, but is not limited to:
FALL PROTECTION (maximum 6-hour course):
a) Course Introduction
b) Hazards of working at heights
c) Fall protection oversights
d) Connectors
e) Descent and rescue procedures
f) Equipment care
g) Harness donning
h) System analysis
i) Ladders
j) Mobile Elevated Work Platforms
Deliverables:
The Contractor must provide:
1. Training materials – written, practical exercises, and testing;
2. All equipment, including specialized equipment, required for the delivery and completion of the course;
3. Educational tools and classroom supplies including but not limited to binders, papers, and pencils;
4. A list of materials and equipment with a completed Gate Pass (that will be provided by CSC) a minimum of two (2) weeks prior to the start of the program to allow sufficient time for review and approval by the appropriate CSC authorities;
5. Ensure that only the items approved on the Gate Pass enter and leave the institution on the dates the Contractor delivers the training at the institution.
6. A copy of a class list and all original certificates delivered to the site and provided to the Project Authority and a class roster with course results. The Contractor must provide these with every invoice;
7. Original certificates must be provided to the site within 14 days, except in situations where the standard is set by a third party.
8. Progress reports identifying work completed within 5 business days of training completion;
Correctional Service Canada - CORCAN will provide:
1. Selection of participants with a confirmed number of participants for the course. CORCAN will provide this list to the Contractor one week prior to the course commencement date;
2. Facilities for training delivery, including classroom and audiovisual equipment for classroom instruction (note: all types of AV media the Contractor intends to use for delivery of the training is subject to the Project Authority’s pre-approval);
3. Gate passes, once the list of materials and equipment has been validated;
4. Gloves and steel toe boots for all CSC participants, as needed;
5. Cleaning supplies as requested;
6. Site orientation and review of local security policies and procedures.
The CSC CORCAN, Project Authority will provide the Contractor with a list of the Designated Managers for each CSC Institution location upon award of the Contract.
The Designated Manager for each CSC Institution will work with the Contractor to determine course delivery dates.
Location of the Work
The Contractor must perform the work at the locations below. This requirement is divided into two streams. Bidders may submit a bid for one or both streams. Bidders must be able to provide sufficient resources, equipment and materials to be able to provide training to all of the institutions included in the streams for which they are submitting a bid.:
Stream 1
CSC Institution Security Classification
Mission Minimum Institution Minimum Security Facility
Mission Medium Institution Medium Security Facility
Mountain Institution Medium Security Facility
Kent Institution Maximum Security Facility
Kwìkwèxwelhp Healing Village Minimum Security Facility
Pacific Institution Medium Security Facility
Matsqui Institution Medium Security Facility
Fraser Valley Institution Multi-Level Facility
Stream 2
CSC Institution Security Classification
William Head Institution Minimum Security Facility
Any conditions for participation of suppliers not specified in solicitation documentation: none.
Estimated quantity of commodity: see solicitation document statement of work and basis of payment.
Duration of Contract and Time Frame for Delivery:
The Work is to be performed from date of contract award to July 31, 2027 with the option to renew for four (4) additional one-year periods
File Number: 21C80-26-5052771
Contracting Authority: Emma Martel
Telephone number: 343-552.8523
E-mail:
Emma.Martel@csc-scc.gc.ca
NOTE TO BIDDERS: Bidders can obtain the complete statement of work and evaluation criteria by downloading the solicitation document and associated documents from the Canada buys / tender opportunities website.
The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada (English or French).
After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
Procurement Assistance Canada (PAC) offers seminars to businesses interested in learning how to sell goods and services to the Government of Canada. The seminars are FREE.
Topics include:
 Understand the federal procurement process;
 Learn about searching for opportunities;
 Find out how to bid on opportunities;
 Discover how to prepare to sell to the government.
The full schedule of seminars can be found on the Procurement Assistance Canada website, under find an event (Procurement Assistance Canada: Find an event - Canada.ca).

Trade agreements:
No trade agreements are applicable to this solicitation process

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- 5052771 - Fall Protection Vocational Training - RFP - Final.pdf | EN | 2026/05/12

- 5052771 - Protection contre les chutes - DPP - Final_0.pdf | FR | 2026/05/12