Title: Town of Hinton - Request for Proposal - South Fireguard Proposal (2026)

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03137

Publication date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-12

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 8 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 70151500 Forestry management

Organization: Town of Hinton

Contracting authority: Ken Munro

Email: kmunro@hinton.ca

Description:
This Request for Proposals (the “RFP”) is an invitation by the Town of Hinton (“the Municipality”) to prospective proponents to submit proposals for 2026 South Fireguard Project as further described in Section A of the RFP Particulars (Appendix D) (the “Deliverables”).
Fireguard work to be completed within the municipal boundaries of the Town of Hinton. Timeframe for work to be completed is influenced by weather conditions and time of year. Unpredictable nature of conditions could require mobilization of crews on short notice.
SITE VISIT (Mandatory to bid) May 6, 2026; meet at 184 Eaton Road, Hinton (Fire Hall)
The area of interest is environmentally sensitive with two zones of Critical Habitat of Aquatic
Species at Risk, Happy Creek and Hardisty Creek respectively. These watercourses have a
30-meter buffer on either side of the small permanent streams that will not receive any
FireSmart practices nor will they be crossed, at this time. Services must be brought to each
buffer from both sides. The proponent must be familiar with watercourse environmental best
practices in the Province of Alberta.
The proponent will not be responsible for obtaining any environmental clearances, wildlife
sweeps, crossing agreements, road agreements or DFO notifications as these actions are
being undertaken by a third party and will be provided to the successful proponent.
Similarly, the successful Proponent will not be responsible for undertaking required Indigenous Consultation nor land surveying services.
The Proponent, however, must include planned watercourse crossing techniques within the
proposal scope, including but not limited to: Log Fills, Snow Fills, Ice Bridges or Rig Matting.
Full bridge crossings will be out of scope if required and will be supplied by the Town of Hinton.
The proponent will include Mobilization and Demobilization costs in the proposal submission.

Trade agreements:
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)