Title: Sediment Toxicity Testing

Solicitation number: 5000094287

Publication date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: British Columbia

Contract duration: 9 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Lowest Price

Commodity: 77140000 Environmental laboratory services

Organization: Department of the Environment (ECCC )

Contracting authority: Megan Filliol

Email: megan.filliol@ec.gc.ca

Phone: (819) 307-2084

Description:
Title: Sediment Toxicity Testing
Solicitation Number: 5000094287
GSIN: E199
UNSPSC: 77140000
Description:
1. Summary
Canada is seeking offers from Offerors to provide Sediment Toxicity Testing to Environment and Climate Change Canada.
The Work is to be performed during the period of date of contract award to 2027-03-31, with the irrevocable option(s) to extend the Contract by up to 2 additional 1-year period(s).
Offerors must submit their financial offer in accordance with the 7.1 Financial Offer Presentation Sheet at article 7. Financial Proposal.
Basis of Selection is Lowest Evaluated Price with Mandatory Technical Criteria.
2. Net-Zero Challenge
Offerors of Environment and Climate Change Canada (ECCC) are encouraged to join the Net-Zero Challenge. The Net Zero Challenge is a national initiative, led by Environment and Climate Change Canada (ECCC), that supports businesses in developing and implementing effective strategies and plans to reduce GHG emissions in facilities and operations to net-zero by 2050. The Net Zero Challenge aligns with Canada's obligations under the Paris Agreement to combat climate change and support Canada's Climate Competitiveness Strategy, which is building a prosperous net-zero future in which Canadian business and industry are well positioned to compete and lead in a global low-carbon economy.
Currently, there is a mandatory federal requirement for high-dollar-value procurements. Moving forward, all offerors are encouraged to join the Net-Zero Challenge regardless of the dollar value of the procurement.
Offerors who join the Net-Zero Challenge are encouraged to:
a. Measure and disclose their greenhouse gas emissions; and
b. Commit to planning, setting, and achieving science-based GHG reduction targets aligned with the objectives of the Paris Agreement.
Participation in the Net-Zero Challenge not only supports global climate goals but also benefits businesses by positioning them as leaders in a global low-carbon economy.
For more information on how to join, please consult the Net-Zero Challenge page.
3. Security
There are no security requirements associated with this solicitation.
4. Compliance with Code of Conduct.
The Offeror must comply with Canada's Code of Conduct for Procurement
5. Integrity Provisions
Offerors must submit certain information for contracts subject to the Ineligibility and Suspension Policy (the policy) at the bid or offer stage. Offerors also have an ongoing obligation to update the Office of Supplier Integrity and Compliance if their information changes.
Information to submit with a bid or offer and update as required - Canada.ca
6. Anti-forced Labour Requirements
The Offeror states that the Work is not mined, manufactured, or produced wholly or in part by forced labour. In performing the Contract and regardless of who acts as an importer, the Offeror must not, directly or indirectly, deliver Work if it is mined, manufactured, or produced wholly or in part by forced labour.
7. Buy Canadian Policy
The Government of Canada has introduced new policies to protect, build, and transform Canadian industries. Check out Buy Canadian Policy for more information on what this could mean for you.
8. Trade Agreements
The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), the Canada–Chile Free Trade Agreement, the Canada–Colombia Free Trade Agreement, the Canada–Honduras Free Trade Agreement, the Canada–Korea Free Trade Agreement, the Canada–Panama Free Trade Agreement, the Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement.
9. Social Procurement
Environment and Climate Change Canada supports the Government of Canada’s social and economic objectives, including increasing the participation of businesses from underrepresented groups in government procurement opportunities. As such, offerors owned or led by Canadians from under-represented groups, such as women, LGBTQ2+ persons, persons with disabilities and persons from visible minorities, are encouraged to submit a bid for this opportunity.
10. Certification Requirements
Contracts with former public servants (FPS) in receipt of a pension or a lump-sum payment must withstand the closest public scrutiny and reflect fairness in the spending of public funds. To comply with Treasury Board policies and directives on contracts with FPS, Offerors must provide the information detailed in the bid solicitation certification component.
11. Debriefings
Offerors may request a debriefing and feedback on their results of the bid solicitation process. Offerors should make the request to the Contracting Authority within 15 working days from receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
12. Official Languages
Environment and Climate Change Canada provides procurement services in both official languages. Offerors may submit a bid in the official language of their choice.
13. Additional Information
For additional information, interested offerors must contact the Contracting Officer named in this Notice.

Trade agreements:
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- Solicitation and Contract_EN_5000094287_Rev3_20260504.pdf | EN | 2026/05/04

- Demande de propositions et contrat_FR_5000094287_Rev1_20260504.pdf | FR | 2026/05/04