Title: Agriculture and Irrigation - Request for Proposal - SCADA – Systems Integrator

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03752

Publication date: 2026-05-13

Closing date: 2026-06-02

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 22 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 25173300 Master control systems | 32000000 Electronic Components and Supplies | 70170000 Water resources development and oversight | 70171700 Irrigation system maintenance and management services | 81102700 Instrumented control systems design and engineering services | 70171701 Canal maintenance or management services

Organization: Agriculture and Irrigation

Contracting authority: Rob Harrop

Email: William.Harrop@gov.ab.ca

Description:
Alberta Agriculture and Irrigation (AGI), Water Infrastructure and Operations Branch (WIOB) is seeking a Contractor to provide engineering, maintenance, demand service and completion of small upgrade projects to ensure continuous and reliable operation of the Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) Systems. The service providers must have the capability to provide demand services on the systems in place and be locally available to the various sites to ensure timely and cost-effective service. WIOB is responsible for operating and maintaining the water management infrastructure owned by the Government of Alberta. This infrastructure includes dams, canals, control structures and diversion headworks and includes the following systems and project areas:
South Region:
Waterton-St. Mary Headworks System
Oldman River Dam
Lethbridge Northern Headworks System
Pine Coulee Project
Cavan Lake Headworks System
Cypress Hills Dams
MVLA Headworks System
Bow River Region:
Carseland-Bow River Headworks System
Highwood – Little Bow System
Western Headworks System Sheerness – Deadfish System
Central Region:
Dickson Dam
Camrose SCADA System
Gull Lake Pumphouse
Buffalo Lake Pumphouse
St. Paul Pumphouse
North Region:
South Heart River Project
Paddle River Dam
Government owned water management infrastructure consists primarily of earth and concrete structures. This infrastructure also includes electrical, mechanical and geotechnical components along with electro-mechanical and geotechnical instrumentation and SCADA monitoring and control systems. Regular maintenance must be performed on these systems, and deficiencies with the major structures and the supporting sub-systems are identified during regular inspection by WIOB personnel.
All the projects and systems indicated above include Programmable Logic Control (PLC) based control systems including PLC I/O, human machine interfaces, instrumentation, sensors, communications equipment including radios, radio towers, antennas and antenna cable, desktop computers and notebook computers used in conjunction with control systems. To ensure continuous function of this equipment regular maintenance is required and occasional technical servicing as well. In order for operations staff to ensure that deficiencies in the equipment are properly addressed WIOB must have access to technical knowledge and competency for the various makes and model of equipment located at the various sites. Currently that expertise does not exist within the organization and it must therefore be accessed using external resources.
For the purposes of this work, it will be desirable to engage the services of a qualified contractor to provide services to WIOB through the Project Manager.