Title: ATB Financial - Request for Proposal - W BY ATB TRAINING PROGRAM & ACCREDITATION

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03241

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 12 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 80111504 Labor training or development

Organization: ATB Financial

Contracting authority: Taylor Kanik

Email: tkanik@atb.com

Description:
The intent of this RFP is to secure one or more Proponent(s) to support ATB in providing best-in-class training services for our Team Members that is recognized and accredited externally.
We are looking for two distinct but connected outcomes as part of this request. Your proposal may address one of these outcomes, or both:
(1) Comprehensive support that targets gender bias and gender intelligence in the financial sector—support that can be delivered to and sustained with team members internally in all locations that ATB operates.
(2) Accreditation for team members who have successfully completed this internal training.
ATB is on a journey to be the undisputed advisor of choice for women in Alberta and Kelowna, BC. ATB recognizes the historical under-representation of women in financial services and is committed to leading a significant shift. We are building a distinctly superior experience by prioritizing internal transformation. More information can be found at
www.atb.com/women
.
In order to support women to the best of our ability, ATB is committed to ensuring our team members receive world-class training and support to help them lead with Consciously unbiased and Gender-Intelligent Advice. ATB requires this training program to be delivered and sustained by our current internal systems and training teams.
The successful proponent will design and develop a blended learning experience that could combine a mix of online asynchronous custom content, interactive instructor-led sessions, and additional resources/ materials.