Title: Environment and Protected Areas - Request for Proposal - Facilitation Of Meetings For The Ronald Lake Buffalo Herd Cooperative Management Board

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03504

Publication date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 10 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 77101604 Natural resources management or conservation strategy planning services | 80170000 Public relations and professional communications services | 80171900 Stakeholder management and relations services | 80171905 Indigenous peoples relations consultation and engagement

Organization: Environment and Protected Areas

Contracting authority: Scott Wilson

Email: epa.speciesatriskandstewardship@gov.ab.ca

Description:
a. Project Background: The Ronald Lake Buffalo Herd Cooperative Management Board was established in 2019 as an advisory board through Ministerial Order (19/2019). The purpose of the Board is to advise the Minister of Environment and Protected Areas (EPA): On matters related to the long-term sustainability of the Ronald Lake Bison Herd, including sustainability of Indigenous traditional use of, and cultural connection to, the herd. In developing its recommendations, the Board shall consider both Indigenous Knowledge and Western Science. A facilitator is required to organize meetings for the Board and its Indigenous Knowledge Committee, guide discussion during meetings, resolve conflicts, and maintain to focus of participants on common goals.
b. Project Objectives: To deliver effective facilitation of meetings of the Board and its Indigenous Committee to allow the Board to fulfill its purpose.
c. Key Stakeholders: The Board is made up of seven Indigenous communities and organizations, industry stakeholders, an environmental non-governmental organization, and provincial and federal government agencies.
d. Related Project Documents: Background information on the Board (e.g., terms of reference, ministerial order) is available through its website
https://www.alberta.ca/ronald-lake-buffalo-herd-cooperative-management-board

Trade agreements:
No trade agreements are applicable to this solicitation process