Title: Auditor General - Request for Proposal - Kananaskis Improvement District Audit of FS & Financial Information Return

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03832

Publication date: 2026-05-15

Closing date: 2026-06-09

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 50 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 84111600 Audit services | 84111601 Year end audits

Organization: Auditor General

Contracting authority: Edcarm Misal

Email: edcarm.misal@gov.ab.ca

Description:
Background:
The entity: The Kananaskis Improvement District ("KID”) is an unincorporated municipality located southwest of Calgary, Alberta. The KID encompasses approximately 4,000 square kilometers and has a population of 156 (2021 federal census).
It is uniquely the only municipal authority located within a provincial park and almost all of the land base is owned and administered by the Government of Alberta. As such, the Ministry of Municipal Affairs has delegated certain powers, duties and functions to the Ministry of Forestry and Parks.
The Kananaskis Improvement District Council provides direct public representation over governance of the KID. Council is accountable to both residents and ratepayers of the KID and to the Minister of Alberta Forestry and Parks.
The KID Municipal Office, located at the Kananaskis Emergency Services Centre, carries out the functions of financial administration, property assessment, property and business taxation, business licensing and property development. It also provides municipal services to residents and businesses such as utilities, garbage collection and disposal, policing and fire services. KID also participates in the regional planning for the area.
There is one full-time Administrator, two full-time Municipal Advisors, as well as a Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) who is also the Manager - Kananaskis Emergency Services with Alberta Forestry and Parks. Alberta Forestry and Parks provides a number of employees who perform contributed services that aid the KID in providing integral municipal services.
The Kananaskis Improvement District (KID) relies on a network of partnerships with other government ministries to deliver its programs. KID’s principal government partners include the following organizations:
Alberta Forestry and Parks, Alberta Environment and Protected Areas, Alberta Infrastructure, Alberta Transportation and Economic Corridors and Alberta Municipal Affairs. Additional information about the Kananaskis Improvement District operations and its latest audited financial statements can be found on its website Kananaskis Improvement District: Home
We strongly encourage proponents to examine the financial statements on KID’s website to understand the required reporting and disclosure.
Proponents shall familiarize themselves with the accounting policies in the financial statements of KID and identify in their response any areas where they disagree with such accounting policies.
Key Timelines:
The Agent will need to be available to provide services as outlined in section 3.3 of the RFP with the timelines as follows: For the next four fiscal years ending December 31, 2026, December 31, 2027, December 31, 2028, and December 31, 2029.
Work Required:
The agent will have to complete the audit of the financial statements of the entity in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. The agent’s audit report will be addressed to the Auditor General who will rely upon it to issue his own audit report. The agent’s audit opinion to the Auditor General will not be provided to or discussed with the auditee or in any way made public.
The agent will also have to complete an audit of the Financial Information Return of the entity in accordance with the required presentation and financial reporting provisions of the Financial Information Return: FIR Manual for December 31, 20xx as provided by the Ministry of Municipal Affairs. The agent’s audit report will be addressed to the Auditor General who will rely upon it to issue his own audit report. The agent’s audit opinion to the Auditor General will not be provided to or discussed with the auditee or in any way made public.
The agent will also be responsible for preparing and appropriately supporting any derivative communications (e.g., audit plan, exit document and management letter) arising from the audit in collaboration with the oversight leader with the form and content acceptable to the audit general. To support the Auditor General in his role, an agent is expected to identify issues and develop recommendations. Outstanding recommendations to the entity can be found in the public Reports of the Auditor General of Alberta. The agent may be required to participate in the assessment of implementation on outstanding recommendations previously made to KID by the Auditor General. KID prepares its financial statements in accordance with Public Sector Accounting Standards.