Title: Vocational Training for offenders - Forklift and Mobile Elevated Work Platform (MEWP) Operator

Solicitation number: 21C20-26-5157275

Publication date: 2026-05-04

Closing date: 2026-05-26

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: New Brunswick , Nova Scotia

Contract duration: 12 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Lowest Price

Commodity: 86101803 Vocational rehabilitation services

Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Contracting authority: Linda Mandeville

Email: linda.mandeville@csc-scc.gc.ca

Phone: (438) 357-6503

Description:
Vocational Training for offenders - Forklift and Mobile Elevated Work Platform (MEWP)
Operator
This requirement is for: The Correctional Service of Canada CORCAN, various Atlantic institutions in the New-Brunswick and Nova Scotia region.
Trade agreement: This procurement is not subject to any trade agreement.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement:
This solicitation is open only to Canadian suppliers.
Competitive Procurement Strategy: lowest priced compliant bid.
Set-aside under the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business:
This procurement is not subject to any set-asides for Indigenous Suppliers.
Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: This procurement is not subject to a Comprehensive Land Claims Agreement.
Security Requirements: This contract includes security requirements.
Nature of Requirements:
The following is a summary of the statement of work for this requirement.
The Correctional Service of Canada has a requirement to provide Forklift and Mobile Elevated Work Platform (MEWP) Operator training courses leading to third-party certification to groups of offenders at Federal Institutions in the New Brunswick and Nova Scotia region.
Objectives: To provide third party certification as a Forklift and MEWP Operator on an as and when requested basis to groups of offenders at various institutions in the New-Brunswick and Nova Scotia region.
Deliverables:
For each course, the Contractor must provide:
a) Sufficient resources (instructors) to facilitate Forklift and MEWP Operator for each location for which the Contractor has been identified to provide services.
b) Training materials, written, practical exercises and testing as required for the completion
of the applicable course;
c) All necessary materials which include, but are not limited to: manuals, handouts, materials, protective equipment and any other necessary equipment including the cleaning supplies for the equipment;
d) Delivery of all materials and equipment to the location prior to the start of the course (CSC will provide storage for the training materials and equipment on site at the location during the course);
e) A list of successful participants to the Designated Manager.
f) Copies of certificates for successful participants within 21 days of course completion, delivered to the Designated Manager (can be delivered by email or mail); and,
g) Dates and location of training, and number of participants within 21 days of completion of each course to the Designated Manager.
The Contractor must perform all work in English for Nova Scotia sites and in English and French at New Brunswick sites as requested. The Contractor’s resources must be able to communicate orally and in writing without any assistance and with minimal errors in English, French or both English and French.
Multiple Contracts
Canada may issue up to two (2) contracts as a result of this request for proposal process.
One (1) contract for Region A (Stream 1 and 2) – New Brunswick (Dorchester Complex and Community Industries); and
One (1) contract for Region B (Stream 1 and 2) – Nova Scotia (Springhill Institution and Nova Institution).
Bidders may submit a bid for one or both regions. However, bidders submitting a bid for both regions must be able to supply sufficient materials, equipment and resources to provide the Forklift and MEWP courses to all of the institutional sites listed within the regions for which they are submitting a bid.
Any conditions for participation of suppliers not specified in solicitation documentation: none.
Estimated quantity of commodity: see solicitation document statement of work and basis of payment.
Duration of Contract and Time Frame for Delivery:
Period of the Contract: The Work is to be performed during the period of July 1,2026 to June 30, 2027 with the option to renew for two (2) additional one-year periods.
File Number: 21C20-26-5157275
Contracting Authority: Linda Mandeville
Telephone number: 438-357-6503
E-mail:
linda.mandeville@csc-scc.gc.ca
NOTE TO BIDDERS: Bidders can obtain the complete statement of work and evaluation criteria by downloading the solicitation document and associated documents from the Canada buys / tender opportunities website.
The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada (English or French).
After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
Procurement Assistance Canada (PAC) offers seminars to businesses interested in learning how to sell goods and services to the Government of Canada. The seminars are FREE.
Topics include:
 Understand the federal procurement process;
 Learn about searching for opportunities;
 Find out how to bid on opportunities;
 Discover how to prepare to sell to the government.
The full schedule of seminars can be found on the Procurement Assistance Canada website, under find an event (Procurement Assistance Canada: Find an event - Canada.ca).

Trade agreements:
No trade agreements are applicable to this solicitation process

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- 5157275 - RFP.pdf | EN | 2026/05/04

- 5157275 - RFP FR.pdf | FR | 2026/05/04