Title: Eastern Migratory Caribou Aerial Photographic Survey

Solicitation number: 5000093354

Publication date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-11

Last amendment date: 2026-04-27

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Canada , Ontario (except NCR)

Contract duration: 4 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 81171600 Ecological science services | 82131601 Aerial photography services

Organization: Department of the Environment (ECCC )

Contracting authority: Caitlin Andersen

Email: Caitlin.Andersen@ec.gc.ca

Phone: (289) 812-9507

Description:
1. Summary
Environment and Climate Change Canada has a requirement to conduct aerial surveys of the Southern Hudson Bay subpopulation of eastern migratory caribou to help assess the potential impacts of planned and future individual development projects as detailed in the Statement of Work, Annex A to the bid solicitation. The period of the contract is from date of Contract Award to September 30, 2026.
2. Net-Zero Challenge
Offerors of Environment and Climate Change Canada (ECCC) are encouraged to join the Net-Zero Challenge. The Net Zero Challenge is a national initiative, led by Environment and Climate Change Canada (ECCC), that supports businesses in developing and implementing effective strategies and plans to reduce GHG emissions in facilities and operations to net-zero by 2050. The Net Zero Challenge aligns with Canada's obligations under the Paris Agreement to combat climate change and support Canada's Climate Competitiveness Strategy, which is building a prosperous net-zero future in which Canadian business and industry are well positioned to compete and lead in a global low-carbon economy.
Currently, there is a mandatory federal requirement for high-dollar-value procurements. Moving forward, all offerors are encouraged to join the Net-Zero Challenge regardless of the dollar value of the procurement.
Offerors who join the Net-Zero Challenge are encouraged to:
a. Measure and disclose their greenhouse gas emissions; and
b. Commit to planning, setting, and achieving science-based GHG reduction targets aligned with the objectives of the Paris Agreement.
Participation in the Net-Zero Challenge not only supports global climate goals but also benefits businesses by positioning them as leaders in a global low-carbon economy.
For more information on how to join, please consult the Net-Zero Challenge page.
3. Security
There are no security requirements associated with this solicitation.
4. Compliance with Code of Conduct.
The Offeror must comply with Canada's Code of Conduct for Procurement
5. Integrity Provisions
Offerors must submit certain information for contracts subject to the Ineligibility and Suspension Policy (the policy) at the bid or offer stage. Offerors also have an ongoing obligation to update the Office of Supplier Integrity and Compliance if their information changes.
Information to submit with a bid or offer and update as required - Canada.ca
6. Anti-forced Labour Requirements
The Offeror states that the Work is not mined, manufactured, or produced wholly or in part by forced labour. In performing the Contract and regardless of who acts as an importer, the Offeror must not, directly or indirectly, deliver Work if it is mined, manufactured, or produced wholly or in part by forced labour.
7. Buy Canadian Policy
The Government of Canada has introduced new policies to protect, build, and transform Canadian industries. Check out Buy Canadian Policy for more information on what this could mean for you.
8. Trade Agreements
The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), the Canada–Korea Free Trade Agreement, the Comprehensive Economic Free Trade Agreement [CETA], the World Trade Organization – Agreement on Government Procurement [WTO-AGP], the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership [CPTPP] and the Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement.
9. Social Procurement
Environment and Climate Change Canada supports the Government of Canada’s social and economic objectives, including increasing the participation of businesses from underrepresented groups in government procurement opportunities. As such, offerors owned or led by Canadians from under-represented groups, such as women, LGBTQ2+ persons, persons with disabilities and persons from visible minorities, are encouraged to submit a bid for this opportunity.
10. Certification Requirements
Contracts with former public servants (FPS) in receipt of a pension or a lump-sum payment must withstand the closest public scrutiny and reflect fairness in the spending of public funds. To comply with Treasury Board policies and directives on contracts with FPS, Offerors must provide the information detailed in the bid solicitation certification component.
11. Debriefings
Offerors may request a debriefing and feedback on their results of the bid solicitation process. Offerors should make the request to the Contracting Authority within 15 working days from receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
12. Official Languages
Environment and Climate Change Canada provides procurement services in both official languages. Offerors may submit a bid in the official language of their choice.
13. Additional Information
For additional information, interested offerors must contact the Contracting Officer named in this Notice.

Trade agreements:
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- 5000093354 AMENDMENT 1 EN.pdf | EN | 2026/04/27

- 5000093354 AMENDMENT 1 FR.pdf | FR | 2026/04/27

- 5000093354 EN_HC_RFP_Final for Posting.pdf | EN | 2026/04/15

- 5000093354 FR_CE_DDS_Final for posting.pdf | FR | 2026/04/15