Title: EZ113-261189 - Contaminated Sites - Marine Sediment CTA

Solicitation number: WS5486330896

Publication date: 2026-05-05

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Last amendment date: 2026-05-07

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: British Columbia , Yukon

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 77121603 Polluted soil treatment or rehabilitation

Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Buying organization(s): Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Contracting authority: Stein, Shaylan (SPAC/PSPC) (il-lui / he-him)

Email: shaylan.stein@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Canada, on behalf of the Environmental Services and Contaminated Sites Management (ESCSM) Branch of Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC), has a requirement to establish up to three Contracts with Task Authorization to provide Contaminated Sites Marine Sediment Services on an “as and when requested” basis on behalf of PWGSC and other federal clients in British Columbia and Yukon. Services are to be performed in British Columbia and the Yukon on federal marine sites and/or adjacent offsite properties using federal, provincial, and territorial methods, standards, guidelines, protocols, and procedures.
Generally, the required services may include: 1. Program management 2. Investigations and modelling 3. Planning 4. Remediation management; and 5. Other related environmental services
It is expected that PWGSC will award up to three Contracts as a result of this Request for Proposal. The overall estimated volume of work to be distributed amongst successful Offerors is up to $22,000,000.00 (excluding applicable taxes).
The period of the Contracts will be for three years from the date of Contract award, with the option to extend the Contract for one additional 1-year period.
Virtual Offeror’s Conference: Canada will hold a Virtual Offeror’s conference at MS Teams (meeting invite to be sent via Event Messages) on May 12, 2026, beginning at 11:00am PT / 2:00pm ET. Participation in this conference is optional. To attend the Offerors' conference Offerors should provide in writing, to the Contracting Authority via Event Messages, the name(s) of their representatives and a list of any questions they may wish to table no later than May 11, 2026 at 11:00am PT / 2:00pm ET.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None