Title: Town of Trochu - Request for Proposal - RFP for Solid Waste Management Services in Trochu: Collection, Transfer, and Organic Waste

Solicitation number: AB-2026-02940

Publication date: 2026-04-15

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Last amendment date: 2026-04-16

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 36 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 76121500 Refuse collection and disposal | 76120000 Refuse disposal and treatment | 76121501 Garbage collection or destruction or processing or disposal

Organization: Town of Trochu

Contracting authority: Dave Nelson

Email: publicworks@townoftrochu.ca

Description:
The Town of Trochu invites Proposals to provide solid waste collection and transfer to the Town of Trochu Transfer Site. This RFP must also include the ability to provide option(s) for organic waste, including commercial & Industrial collection, as a delete-able item within the RFP. Alternative waste conversion technologies are encouraged.
Trochu is a town with a population of 1,191 located 148 kilometers northeast of Calgary, further details on the Town can be obtained at
www.town.trochu.ab.ca
.
The RFP is open to proposals for and may be awarded by single stream, multiple streams, or all streams for collections, hauling, and processing.
The selected proponent will be requested to enter into direct contract negotiations to finalize an agreement with the Town to provide the deliverables. The term of the agreement is to be for a period of 3 years, with an option in favour of the Town to extend the agreement on the same terms and conditions for an additional term of up to two (2) years.
Abbreviated List of Service Requirements:
(See Section A of Appendix D, the "Deliverables", for full list)
• Contractor shall collect material from Residential dwelling unit Garbage (240L black) carts and transport to the Town of Trochu Transfer site. Frequency would be Weekly, Year-Round.
• Contractor shall collect material from Residential dwelling unit Compost (240L green) carts, transport it, and unload this material at the Trochu Transfer Site. Frequency would be either Weekly from May to September and then every 2nd week from October to April OR Weekly from May to October and no pickup during winter.
• Contractor shall collect material from Commercial Bins and businesses and transport to the Town of Trochu Transfer site. Frequency would be twice weekly, Year-round, and there are currently 15 commercial bins and approximately 20 businesses with bags.
• Contractor shall collect cardboard from Commercial Bins or drop boxes and transport to the Town of Trochu Transfer site. Frequency would be twice weekly, Year-round, and there are currently 23 cardboard pickups.
• Contractor must display a consistent schedule, but the Town is open to opportunities for improved collection. Current collection schedule is spread over 3 days per week and includes cardboard pick up. Contractor shall not enter any residential neighbourhood before 8:00 am or after 8:00 pm. Except as otherwise provided, when a scheduled collection day falls on a statutory holiday, the Contractor shall proceed with the Service for that day on that day.
• Residential Dwelling Unit are currently primarily served by back-alley pick-up but the Town is willing to negotiate this.
• All equipment and collection vehicles used in the Service shall be in good repair and shall have a vehicle manufacture year of 2010 or newer. Backup equipment / collection vehicles shall be available in case of emergency or breakdown.
• All equipment supplied by the Contractor shall meet current safety and environmental regulations and legislation.
• Collection vehicles shall be equipped with RFID technology, or similar technology, to identify carts to corresponding dwellings.
• Contractor shall abide by and comply with the Occupational Health and Safety Act (Alberta). For this purpose, the Contractor is considered the “Prime Contractor” as defined in the Act.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)