Title: Arrow Utilities - Request for Proposal - 2026 Wastewater Transmission Chamber Upgrades

Solicitation number: AB-2026-02643

Publication date: 2026-03-30

Closing date: 2026-05-06

Last amendment date: 2026-04-23

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 51 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 40141600 Valves | 81100000 Professional engineering services | 83000000 Public Utilities and Public Sector Related Services

Organization: Arrow Utilities

Contracting authority: Garry Dang-Vuu

Email: gdang-vuu@arrowutilities.ca

Description:
ARROW Utilities (ARROW), formerly known as the Alberta Capital Region Wastewater Commission, is requesting proposals from qualified engineering consulting firms who possess the required personnel, experience, and resources for the provision of design and construction management for the replacement of concrete structures, intercepting chambers and valves at two (2) locations, located at the Fort Saskatchewan River Crossing Siphon Chamber in Fort Lions Campground and the START/ Outfall Intercepting Chamber, in close proximity to 9 St. NE and south of 195 Avenue NE. This project, of two Parts, is collectively named as the 2026 Wastewater Transmission Chamber Upgrades.
No pre-proposal meetings are scheduled for the purposes of conducting detailed inspections at either the Fort Saskatchewan River Crossing Chamber or the START/ Outfall Intercepting Chamber.
ARROW Utilities is a regional wastewater services Commission providing wastewater transmission and treatment services to nearly 400,000 people in 13 municipalities surrounding the City of Edmonton, including City of Spruce Grove, Town of Stony Plain, City of St. Albert, City of Fort Saskatchewan, Strathcona County, City of Leduc, Town of Bon Accord, Town of Gibbons, Town of Morinville, City of Beaumont, Parkland County, Sturgeon County, and Leduc County. ARROW’s state-of-the-art Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) is in Strathcona County, north of Sherwood Park, Alberta.
Part A) 3726.04 Fort Saskatchewan River Crossing Siphon Chamber
Located in Fort Lions Campground, the existing siphon inlet chamber that includes the valve controlling flow to the river crossing siphon is in poor condition with several broken valves. This chamber is a critical piece of infrastructure that enables all flows from Fort Saskatchewan to be transmitted under the river toward the Fort Saskatchewan Pump Station. Due to this highly sensitive location, this project was the number 2 prioritized capital work in the latest Utility Master Plan (UMP) dated October 9, 2025. UMP recommendations include demolishing the existing chamber structure and valves as well as bypassing all flow to the other pipe crossing for the period of construction.
Anticipated construction funding for Part A, Fort Saskatchewan River Crossing Siphon Chamber has been established for 2027.
Part B) 3726.05 START/ Outfall Intercepting Chamber Design
Located approximately 850 m south of 195th Ave., near 9 St. NE, broken valve(s) within the existing chamber(s) need replacement to enable flow back into the St. Albert Regional Transmission (START) line. Expectations for rehabilitation on the concrete chamber(s) themselves are also an expectation, as identified in the UMP.
Anticipated construction funding for Part B) 3726.05 START/ Outfall Intercepting Chamber Design has been established for 2028.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)