Title: Refrigeration Services, AAFC, Brandon Research and Development Centre

Solicitation number: WSC-2025-2026-172

Publication date: 2026-04-09

Closing date: 2026-05-19

Last amendment date: 2026-05-04

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Canada

Contract duration: 46 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Variations or combinations of the above methods

Commodity: 24130000 Industrial refrigeration

Organization: Department of Agriculture and Agri-Food (AAFC)

Contracting authority: Zack W Flamont

Email: zack.flamont@agr.gc.ca

Phone: (639) 560-3462

Description:
DESCRIPTION:
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada’s (AAFC) Brandon Research and Development Centre located at 2701 Grand Valley Road, Brandon, MB, requires refrigeration services on an “as and when requested ” basis.
This solicitation of offers is to establish a service contract with task authorizations (TA) for the delivery of the requirement detailed in the solicitation of offers.
The period of the contract will be from date of award to April 30, 2027 with an irrevocable option to extend it for up to three (3) additional one-year periods. The anticipated start date is November 2025.
SECURITY REQUIREMENTS
There are security requirements associated with this requirement. The contractor/offeror personnel requiring access to sensitive work site(s) must each hold a valid RELIABILITY STATUS, granted or approved by AAFC.
MANDATORY SITE VISIT INFORMATION
Canada recommends that the Offeror attend the site visit. A mandatory site visit will be held at 2701 Grand Valley Road, Brandon, MB, on April 28, 2025, at 10:00 am CST (local Brandon time). Offerors are to meet at the front entrance desk.
MANDATORY TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
Canada will assess offers in accordance with the entire requirement of the solicitation of offers including the Technical and Financial evaluation criteria. Canada will declare any offer that fails to meet all mandatory solicitation requirements non-compliant.
BASIS OF SELECTION
For Canada to declare an offer compliant, the offer must comply with the requirements of the solicitation of offers and meet all mandatory technical evaluation criteria. Canada will consider the compliant offer with the lowest evaluated price on an aggregate basis for award.
SOLICITATIONS MUST BE SUBMITTED TO AAFC
Offers shall be submitted using the CPC Connect service provided by Canada Post Corporation to transmit offers electronically. Offers must be submitted only to Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) Offer Receiving Unit by the date, time and place indicated in the solicitation of offers. Offerors may contact the Contracting Officer to make other arrangements should they wish to not use CPC Connect service.
Refer to the attached solicitation documents to obtain further information.
Canada retains the right to negotiate with any supplier on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada.
PROCURING OFFICE:
Zack Flamont, Procurement Officer
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada
Western Service Centre
2010 12th Avenue, Unit 300, Regina SK S4P 0M3
Telephone: (639) 560-3462
E-mail:
zack.flamont@agr.gc.ca
AAFC has adopted the Integrity Regime administered by Public Services and Procurement Canada. As a result, the integrity provisions are being applied in AAFC procurement activities as outlined in this solicitation.
Canada will make available Notices of Proposed Procurement (NPP), solicitation of offers and related documents for download through the Government Electronic Tendering Service (GETS) at
https://canadabuys.canada.ca/en/solicitation-opportunities
. Canada is not responsible and will not assume any liabilities whatsoever for the information found on websites of third parties. In the event an NPP, solicitation of offers or related documentation would be amended, Canada will not be sending notifications. Canada will post all amendments, including significant enquiries received and their replies, using GETS. It is the sole responsibility of the Offeror to regularly consult GETS for the most up-to-date information. Canada will not be liable for any oversight on the Offeror’s part nor for notification services offered by a third party.
Indigenous Procurement:
The federal Indigenous Business Directory (IBD) is an online resource for all levels of government and the private sector to identify Indigenous business capacity. Having a business profile in the IBD will increase your company’s visibility and may provide additional business. A profile in the IBD can also allow you to compete for federal government contracts that are set-aside for Indigenous businesses through the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Businesses. For more information and to review eligibility criteria and register, visit:
www.canada.ca/indigenousbusinessdirectory
.

Trade agreements:
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- Addendum 1 - English.pdf | EN | 2026/05/04

- Addenda 1 - French.pdf | FR | 2026/05/04

- RFP WSC-2025-2026-172 - English.pdf | EN | 2026/04/09

- RFP WSC-2025-2026-172 - French.pdf | FR | 2026/04/09