Title: DRMIS Support Services

Solicitation number: W8486-260753/A

Publication date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-05-05

Notice type: RFP against Supply Arrangement

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: National Capital Region (NCR)

Contract duration: 24 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive - Traditional

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 80101507 Information technology consultation services

Organization: Department of National Defence (DND)

Contracting authority: Kelsey Lawrence

Email: kelsey.lawrence2@forces.gc.ca

Description:
NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT
File Number: W8486-260753/A
Tier: 1 (< $4.5M)
This requirement is for the Department of National Defence (DND) for the services of the following:
• Two (2) ERP Functional Analysts (LEMS SME), Level 2 and Two (2) ERP Functional Analysts (LEMS SME), Level 3 under Stream 1: Application Services; and
• One (1) Technical Writer, Level 2 and One (1) Helpdesk Specialist, Level 2 under Stream 4: Business Services.
The intent of this solicitation is to establish up to six (6) contracts for two (2) year durations with the option to extend the term of the contracts by up to one (1) six-month irrevocable option period under the same conditions. This solicitation is only open to the below list of pre-qualified suppliers under the Task-Based Informatics Professional Service (TBIPS) Supply Arrangement (SA) number EN578-170432.
This procurement has been conditionally set aside under the federal government's Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business (PSIB). To be considered, a business must certify that it qualifies as an Indigenous business as defined under PSIB and that it will comply with all requirements of PSIB.
Time Frame of Delivery: As soon as possible.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada.
RFP documents will be e-mailed directly from the Contracting Authority to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. Bidders are advised that the RFP documents are not available on the CanadaBuys Tender Management Application (
https://canadabuys.canada.ca
).
The TBIPS Method of Supply is a result of a formal competitive process which was established as a result of extensive consultations with industry. The Method of Supply provides suppliers with an on-going opportunity to become prequalified for participation in future bidding opportunities. To obtain more information about how to become a pre-qualified supplier for TBIPS please contact Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC).
For general information on the various PWGSC Methods of Supply, or to obtain specific information on a PWGSC professional service method of supply, please visit PWGSC's CanadaBuys Tender Management Application website at:
https://canadabuys.canada.ca/en/about-us/news-and-events/transition-can…

Trade agreements:
Please refer to tender description or tender documents

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- 07 W8486-260753 NPP_0.pdf | EN and FR | 2026/04/20