Title: INVITATION TO SUBMIT AN EXPRESSION OF INTEREST (EOI) AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF SPACE FOR LEASE IN THE CITY OF MAPLE RIDGE FILE NUMBER 81003436

Solicitation number: 81003436

Publication date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Status: Open

Notice type: Request for Information

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Langley , Maple Ridge , Pitt Meadows , Surrey

Contract duration: 120 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Selective Tendering

Selection criteria: Variations or combinations of the above methods

Commodity: 80130000 Real estate services

Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Contracting authority: Peter Switzer

Email: peter.switzer@pwgsc.gc.ca

Phone: (778) 231-4791

Description:
Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC) is asking interested parties to provide information for a potential lease of space that meets the following criteria:
Section A: Lease Components
• a lease term of approximately ten (10) years, commencing on or about December 1, 2028;
• The Lessee requires the right to terminate the Lease at any time effective on the
first (1st ) day of December, 2036, upon providing written notice to exercise such right
is given to the Lessor by the Lessee no less than twelve (12) months prior to the
effective date of such termination;
• approximately 300.0 (Three Hundred) usable square metres (um2) of contiguous office space, and four (4) parking spaces;
• the proposed space must be available approximately Twenty (20) weeks prior to the above-noted lease commencement date so all space(s) may be prepared for occupancy;
• the proposed space should satisfy or be capable of satisfying the following criteria:
1. must be capable of obtaining municipal approval for lessee’s intended use
2. must be reasonably accessible by public transport
3. the proposed space should be on the ground floor.
• the proposed space must be located in the City of Maple Ridge or Pitt Meadows (the geographical boundaries include sites on either side of the roads), or;
• the proposed space must be located in the City or Township of Langley or Surrey and within the following boundaries (the geographical boundaries include sites on either side of the roads):
North: Fraser River
South: 4th Avenue
East: 240th Street
West: 188th Street
• on or before the lease commencement date, the proposed space will have to comply with all requirements contained in PSPC’s Standards for Leased Accommodation, a copy of which may be obtained from the contact listed in Section F;
Note: PSPC may wish to visit or inspect the proposed space upon reasonable notice and a threat and risk assessment may be undertaken in order to assess potential threats to the security of the proposed space and to the public.
Note to Leasing Officer: If a threat and risk assessment is deemed necessary for a particular property, Legal Services should be consulted because there may be a requirement to have this risk assessment performed on all proposed sites.
Section B: Responses
Interested parties are requested to submit their response to this EOI in writing to the following address:
Public Services and Procurement Canada
219 – 800 Burrard Street
Vancouver, British Columbia
V6Z 0B9
or by facsimile to 604-775-9381
or by email to the contact listed below in Section F.
Please indicate File No. 81003436 on all correspondence.
Section C: Responses Requested by
As this may be the only invitation to submit an Expression of Interest for this potential lease project, owners/agents/mandataries should provide their response by May 15, 2026. Any response received after this date may not be considered.
Section D: Information Provided by Interested Parties or Agents of Interested Parties
Information provided by interested parties or agents of interested parties should include:
• the file number, the location and municipal address of the building,
• current zoning
• specific location of space within the building
• measured area of space
• architectural drawings identifying the proposed space with washrooms, exits and other design elements,
• private/public parking facilities,,
and details addressing the criteria listed above in Section A. Agents submitting a response to this EOI must provide PSPC with a letter authorizing them to do so.
Note to Leasing Officer: In Sections C and D above, the reference to “agents” for use in Quebec civil law documentation should be modified to “mandataries”.
Section E: Security Requirement
If this EOI results in a future tender process, the building owners of the proposed spaces will have to hold a valid security clearance at the “Reliability” level, approved and granted by the Contract Security Program (CSP) of PSPC prior to award. All parties interested in this potential lease project are advised to obtain this security clearance level in advance. Information regarding security clearance can be obtained on the website of the CSP/ PSPC at
https://www.tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca/esc-src/index-eng.html
. Please contact the person listed in Section F to initiate the security clearance process.
Section F: Additional Information
For more information, please contact Peter Switzer, Senior Leasing Officer by phone at 778-231-4791 or by email to:
peter.switzer@pwgsc-tpsgc.gc.ca
.
Section G: List of Available Space
This EOI is issued in order to invite interested parties to demonstrate their interest in providing the requirements described herein. This information may be included in a list of available space and used for potential future solicitations.
Section H: Not a Solicitation Process
Note that this is not a tender process, nor a request for proposal, but only an inquiry as to the availability of space to lease. PSPC will not necessarily invite offers, or lease any space, and may not post any future ads related to this request. The information provided through this EOI may be included in a source list of available space and PSPC may issue an invitation to tender for other leasing requirements based on this information, or based on any other information which may come to its attention prior to an issuance of an invitation to tender; or it may invite offers by way of public tender. PSPC reserves the right to proceed with an Invitation to Offer to Lease by inviting only parties deemed to most effectively meet specific operational, security and public safety requirements.

Trade agreements:
No trade agreements are applicable to this solicitation process

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- English EOI | EN | 2026/04/29

- French EOI | FR | 2026/04/29