Title: Psychological Risk Assessment Services

Solicitation number: 21120-26-5256148/B

Publication date: 2026-04-14

Closing date: 2026-05-12

Last amendment date: 2026-04-30

Status: Open

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Newfoundland and Labrador

Contract duration: 36 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Lowest Price

Commodity: 81162305 Risk management process as a service | 85101508 Mobile healthcare centers or services | 85121700 Healthcare provider specialist services | 85122200 Individual health screening and assessment services | 85122201 Individual health assessment

Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Contracting authority: Nassima Aliouat

Email: nassima.aliouat@csc-scc.gc.ca

Phone: 343540-8957

Description:
IMPORTANT NOTICE: This bid solicitation is a re-tender of the requirement described in bid solicitation number 21120-26-5256148/A dated 07 January 2026, with a bid closing date of 10 February 2026, at 14:00 EST; this document replaces the previous version entirely.
Psychological Risk Assessment Services - Correctional Service Canada
This requirement is for: The Correctional Service of Canada, Atlantic Region.
Trade agreement: This procurement is not subject to any trade agreement.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement: This solicitation is open only to Canadian suppliers.
Competitive Procurement Strategy: lowest priced compliant bid.
Set-aside under the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business: This procurement is not subject to any set-asides for Indigenous Suppliers.
Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement:
This procurement is not subject to a Comprehensive Land Claims Agreement.
Security Requirements: This contract includes security requirements.
Nature of Requirements:
The following is a summary of the statement of work for this requirement.
The Correctional Service of Canada (CSC) Health Services require the services of a psychologist for federal offenders housed in Her Majesty’s Penitentiary; Bishop’s Falls Correctional Centre; Labrador Correctional Centre and West Coast Correctional Centre in Newfoundland and Labrador in the Atlantic Region.
Objective: Provide psychological risk assessment services virtually to offenders, as requested by the Project Authority, at provincial jails in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Deliverables: At the request of the Project Authority, the Contractor must:
1 Provide mental health services to offenders in accordance with the National Essential Health Services Framework including any amendment to this Framework issued by CSC during the contract period.
These services include, but are not limited to the following:
a. Participate in meetings as a consultant including case conferences, the Interdisciplinary Mental Health Team or the Correctional Intervention Board and other related activities as requested;
b. Participate in CSC training, including orientation to CSC and CSC’s risk assessment requirements as requested;
c. Provide consultation services for the resolution of CSC internal offender grievance and investigative processes as requested; and
d. Prepare and submit psychological assessment and other reports as requested by the Project Authority.
2 Provide a verbal report to the Chief, Mental Health Services and/or other pertinent staff immediately subsequent to the interview for any cases that are at risk of suicide/self-harm or are obviously mentally ill or unstable
Psychological Risk Assessment Services:
a. The Contractor must perform and submit psychological risk assessment reports to the CSC Project Authority and designated CSC representatives for disclosure to third parties, including the Parole Board of Canada;
b. Dates and times for offender interviews will be set by mutual agreement between the Project Authority and the Contractor;
c. The Contractor must conduct assessment interviews, administer all psychological tests (unless prearranged for self-report measure – see part f, below), interpret test results, and review offender files. Relevant files include Sentence Management, Case Management, and Health files. However, on occasion and if relevant to the specific case, the Contractor must review the Security Intelligence files or, alternatively, consult with Health Care Professionals or Security Intelligence staff about the offender. The Contractor must also consult other CSC personnel about the offenders’ referral or behaviour or both if necessary. The Contractor must integrate information obtained through testing, file review, clinical interview, and if relevant, staff member interviews, into a comprehensive psychological risk assessment report;
d. The Contractor must provide the Project Authority and designates with all original test data;
e. The Contractor must use the file-based Statistical Instrument in Recidivism – Revised (SIR-R) test results if available on file (the SIR-R does not apply to Aboriginal and Women offenders), and at least one other clinician rated actuarial measure measuring risk and needs that has been shown to be reliable and valid for use with offender populations according to published work. The Contractor may use measures of personality and intellectual functioning. The Contractor must interpret all tests in a standardized manner using the norms supplied only by the test publisher or author, or both. Placement of percentiles tests scores in reports is acceptable when deemed necessary by the Contractor, as part of the standardized test reporting process, or when requested by the Project Authority. Reports must not contain raw test scores under any circumstances;
f. In the event that the Contractor negotiates with a particular site to have CSC staff administer psychometric testing and/or self-report measures (for examples, but not limited to, tools such as those assessing substance use, personality and intellectual functioning), or to have them provide recent relevant scores from in-house test administration, and thus does not administer these tests, the Contractor shall apply a discount of 5 % per assessment, for each relevant case.
g. Psychological Risk Assessment reports must comply with the following requested content and format. Sections may be added to the standardized format according to case-specific needs. Please note that this format is not necessarily all-inclusive, but represents the minimum number of areas to be covered:
i. Demographic information:
ii. Reason for Referral:
iii. Interview Information:
iv. Documentation Reviewed:
v. Brief Criminal History:
vi. Institutional and/or Community Adjustment:
vii. Brief Psychosocial History:
viii. Interview Impressions/Mental Health:
ix. Summary of Previous Assessments:
x. Cognitive Functioning and Personality:
xi. Treatment Needs/Responsivity:
xii. Assessment of Risk, Risk Management Strategies and Recommendations:
xiii. Offender and Contractor Signature Block:
h. The Contractor must only make recommendations for mental health counselling in instances where the offender is at acute risk of self-harm or harm to others, where there is a clear need for such counselling to assist the offender in maintaining mental and emotional stability or as it pertains to criminogenic factors and risk. Recommendations for counselling should be generic as to the practitioner who will be providing the service and for community release cases must take into account the offender's motivation (i.e., motivated offenders will not need this as a condition of parole). Should it be felt that mental health counselling must be a condition of parole, it must be established in the report that:
i. The offender needs such counselling for safe reintegration; and
ii. It is necessary to impose such a condition to ensure that the offender participates.
All recommendations for counselling must include the reason for the need for this service, the goals, and comments on the possible duration;
i. The Contractor must share the final report with the assessed offender. The Contractor must document that information sharing has occurred by having the offender sign and date the original report. If the offender refuses to sign, the Contractor must note this on the report and information sharing requirements will be considered to have been met.
j. The Contractor must advise the Project Authority if he/she is unable to share the reports and coordinate signatures with the offender. At the discretion and prior approval of the project authority, CSC will assume the information sharing and offender signature responsibility.
k. The Project Authority or designate will refer any questions or concerns the offender has on the report back to the attention of the Contractor. While under contract with CSC, the Contractor must answer questions posed by an offender regarding a report for a two (2) year period after sharing the report.
l. The Contractor must submit completed reports to the Project Authority or designate no later than four (4) weeks from the date of referral. The Contractor must share the completed report with the offender no later than 2 weeks after initially interviewing the offender. Upon request of the Contractor, and at the sole discretion of the Project Authority, either or both of these deadlines can be extended for a period not exceeding four (4) weeks.
m. The CSC Mental Health Department will enter finalized psychological risk assessment reports into the electronic health record and OMS, and ensure that a copy has been share-printed to the Parole Board of Canada.
n. If requested by the Project Authority or designates, the Contractor must submit a completed emergency risk assessment no later than five (5) business days from the date of referral.
o. CSC is required to complete Judicial Review Risk Assessments for some offenders. At the request of the Project Authority, the Contractor must complete a Judicial Review Risk Assessment and assume any future court costs related to the case assessed.
p. The Contractor must collect information related to the dynamics of the offence, identify treatment needs and risk factors and determine the sexual offender's suitability for individual or group treatment programming. These assessments can also be carried out at intake or pre-release. When an assessment of a sexual offender is requested, the Contractor must provide, in addition to the above content, a comprehensive description of psycho-sexual development, sexual misconduct and offenses.
q. Specific content references to be included but not limited to in this description would be: history and development of sexual behavior, information pertaining to prior child abuse, domestic abuse or violence against women perpetrated by the offender whether sexual or otherwise, information pertaining to co-offending and the relationship with the current sexual offense or sexual offense pattern, any attitudes supportive of sexual offending and sexual abuse, relationship problems particularly as they relate to intimacy deficits and social competence, factors relevant to their sexual offending (i.e., sexual self-regulation, intimacy issues, general self-regulation), general antisocial characteristics and psychopathology that may influence sexual offending and misbehaviour, and relevant medical history. Previous assessment results, including assessment of deviant sexual preference and prior programming results should also be considered. Psychological risk assessments of sexual offenders should attend to risk variables based on empirically based, clinician-rated measures of actuarial, static and dynamic risk that focus on sex offence specific factors where possible.
r. For male sex offenders, it is mandatory for the Contractor to use a clinical rated tool that contains static items and has been shown to be reliable and valid for all sexual offender risk assessments (including non-contact offenders, but not offenders exclusively involved in child pornography, e.g. STATIC 99R). Dynamic risk must be assessed using a clinician rated actuarial measure that has been shown to be reliable and valid (e.g., STABLE-2007, VRS-SO or the RSVP). For cases where there is currently limited data specific to that population (e.g., child pornography only offenders) then the Contractor must use a measure that is based on the available evidence (e.g., CPORT). No sex offending risk and recidivism actuarial measures are to be used for women sex offenders. The use of a general recidivism risk measure such as the LS/CMI could then be, used, as well as in some cases the HCR20 to assess the risk of violent recidivism (which generally includes sexual recidivism).
Any conditions for participation of suppliers not specified in solicitation documentation: none.
Estimated quantity of commodity: see solicitation document statement of work and basis of payment.
Duration of Contract and Time Frame for Delivery:
Period of the Contract: The Work is to be performed is from date of contract award to three (3) years later inclusive.
File Number: 21120-27-5256148/B
Contracting Authority: Nassima Aliouat
Telephone number: 343-540-8957
E-mail:
Nassima.aliouat@csc-scc.gc.ca
NOTE TO BIDDERS: Bidders can obtain the complete statement of work and evaluation criteria by downloading the solicitation document and associated documents from the Canada buys / tender opportunities website.
The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada (English or French).
After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
Procurement Assistance Canada (PAC) offers seminars to businesses interested in learning how to sell goods and services to the Government of Canada. The seminars are FREE.
Topics include:
 Understand the federal procurement process;
 Learn about searching for opportunities;
 Find out how to bid on opportunities;
 Discover how to prepare to sell to the government.
The full schedule of seminars can be found on the Procurement Assistance Canada website, under find an event (Procurement Assistance Canada: Find an event - Canada.ca).

Trade agreements:
No trade agreements are applicable to this solicitation process

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- 5256148B - RFP AMD 002 – modification à la DDP 002.pdf | EN and FR | 2026/04/30

- 5256148B - RFP AMD 001 – modification à la DDP 001.pdf | EN and FR | 2026/04/27

- 5256148/B - RFP - Psychological Risk Assessment Services | EN | 2026/04/14

- 5256148/B - DDP - Services d’évaluation des risques psychologiques | FR | 2026/04/14

- Annex F - National Essential Health Care Framework - Cadre national des services de santé essentiels | EN and FR | 2026/04/14

- AFR | EN | 2026/04/14

- Formulaire FDI | FR | 2026/04/14