Title: Municipal District of Pincher Creek No. 9 - Request for Proposal - Regional Facilities Condition Assessment & Management Strategy RFP - MD Pincher Creek & Cowley

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03722

Publication date: 2026-05-13

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 6 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 72000000 Building and Facility Construction and Maintenance Services

Organization: Municipal District of Pincher Creek No. 9

Contracting authority: David Desabrais

Email: admininfra@mdpinchercreek.ab.ca

Description:
The Municipal District of Pincher Creek No. 9 (MD) is seeking qualified Consultants to provide engineering services with regards to the completion of a regional facilities condition assessment and management strategy within the MD and the Village of Cowley (Village). Services to be provided will include condition assessments, deficiency identification, life expectancy determinations, budgeted replacement costing, and regional assessment of collaboration opportunities.
The MD is a municipality of approximately 3,300 residents located in the Southwest corner of Alberta, in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains. Cowley is located within the MD boundary as a separate municipality. Both municipalities have limited staff and the majority of work related to facility maintenance, operations, and capital works is outsourced.
The MD is referring to this project as the Regional Facilities Management Strategy (RFMS). Facilities are located throughout the MD and the Village. The MD has received funding through the Alberta Community Partnership (ACP) grant for this project, and all project works must match the requirements of the grant agreement. 35-40 facilities of varying size and complexity are anticipated to be reviewed as part of this study.
The purpose of this Request for Proposal (RFP) is for interested professional engineering firms to prepare and submit a formal response to this request in accordance with the requirements outlined within. Submitted information will be reviewed by the MD and evaluated to select an engineering firm to undertake the entirety of the RFMS project.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)