Title: Analysis of the Correctional Service of Canada (CSC) Workers’ Compensation Board (WCB) Claims, Costs, and recommendation for Reduction Options

Solicitation number: 21120-27-5373481

Publication date: 2026-04-29

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Status: Document Safeguarding Security Level Required: N/A

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Canada , National Capital Region (NCR)

Contract duration: 12 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Selective Tendering

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 80100000 Management advisory services | 80101511 Human resources consulting service | 80110000 Human resources services | 80160000 Business administration services

Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Contracting authority: Nassima Aliouat

Email: nassima.aliouat@csc-scc.gc.ca

Phone: 343540-8957

Description:
NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT (NPP) for Solutions-Based Professional Services (TSPS) Requirement
This requirement is for: Correctional Service Canada (CSC)
This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders under E60ZT-16TSSB who qualify under Tier 1 (= $0 - $3.75M), in the metropolitan area and for the following stream(s): Stream 2: Business consulting/change management services
The requirement is intended to result in the award of one (1) contract
The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal.
1. Big River Analytics Ltd.
2. Calian Ltd.
3. Cathexis Consulting Inc.
4. Dare Human Resources Corporation
5. Deloitte Inc.
6. FERENCE & COMPANY CONSULTING LTD.
7. Goss Gilroy Inc.
8. Gartner Canada Co.
9. Hackett Consulting Inc.
10. Hickling, Arthurs, Low Corporation
11. HumanSystems Incorporated
12. Parriag Group Inc and Atlantic Evaluation Group in Joint Venture
13. R.A. Malatest & Associates Ltd.
14. The Institute on Governance
15. MGIS Inc.
16. Le Groupe-conseil baastel ltée
17. Y2 Consulting Psychologists Inc./Psychologues consultants Y2 inc.
Description of the Requirement:
The Correctional Service of Canada (CSC) has a requirement for the provision of professional services under Stream 2: Business consulting/change management services. The work will involve the following:
Background
The Correctional Service Canada (CSC) operates federal correctional institutions and community offices across Canada, where employees are exposed to a diverse range of occupational hazards. These risks stem from direct interaction with incarcerated individuals, complex security operations, administrative responsibilities, and institutional health and safety challenges. This high risk, complex environment operates in CSC facilities across multiple provinces and territories, and has resulted in increasing psychological injury claims, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) risks, and long duration absences for employees at CSC. The resulting insurable claims are subject to various Workers’ Compensation Board (WCB) regimes.
Objective
To provide CSC with a comprehensive, evidence based assessment of WCB claim drivers, costs, operational practices related to WCB claims, and governance, with actionable recommendations to reduce WCB costs while maintaining legal compliance and supporting employee health and recovery.
The work must include benchmarking with comparable federal departments and large public sector employers, analysis of cross jurisdictional WCB policies, options for prevention and case management, resourcing models, operational approaches, and psychological injury management practices
Security:
There are security requirements associated with this requirement. Please note that SA Holders do not need to have the required clearance to submit a bid. For additional information, consult Part 6 - Security, Financial and Other Requirements, and Part 7 – Resulting Contract Clauses. For more information on personnel and organization security screening or security clauses, Bidders should refer to the Contract Security Program of Public Works and Government Services Canada (
http://www.tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca/esc-src/introduction-eng.html
) website.
Level of Security Requirement:
Security Requirement: Annex C, Security Requirements Check List &
Appendix A to Annex C – Security Requirements for Laptop
Minimum Corporate Security Required: Designated Organization screening (DOS)
Minimum Resource Security Required: Reliability Status
Document Safeguarding Security Level Required: N/A
Applicable Trade Agreements:
The World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP), the Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA), the Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA), the Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement (CColFTA), the Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement (CPanFTA), the Canada-Honduras Free-Trade Agreement, the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), the Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA), the Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA), the Agreement on Trade Continuity between Canada and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA).
Proposed period of contract:
The proposed period of contract shall be from the date of Contract award to one (1) year later
Estimated Level of Effort:
The estimated level of effort of the contract will be for 100 days.
File Number: 21120-27-5373481
Contracting Authority: Nassima Aliouat
Phone Number: 343-540-8957
E-Mail:
nassima.aliouat@csc-scc.gc.ca
Inquiries:
Inquiries regarding this Request for Proposal (RFP) requirement must be submitted to the Contracting Authority named above. RFP documents will be e-mailed directly by the Contracting Authority to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT “CANADABUYS.CANADA.CA” ” IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with any supplier on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language.
Debriefings:
Bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within 15 working days from receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
NOTE: The Task and Solutions Professional Services (TSPS) Method of Supply is subject to quarterly refresh cycles. If you wish to find out how you can be a “Qualified SA Holder”, please contact
SPTS.TSPS@TPSGC-PWGSC.GC.CA

Trade agreements:
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)
Please refer to tender description or tender documents

Reason for limited tendering:
None