Title: Mediator Consultant - Ontario for the Farm Debt Mediation Service (FDMS)

Solicitation number: 01R11-26-256

Publication date: 2026-05-05

Closing date: 2026-06-15

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: National Capital Region (NCR) , Ontario (except NCR)

Contract duration: 47 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 80122001 Independent dispute mediation or arbitration service

Organization: Department of Agriculture and Agri-Food (AAFC)

Contracting authority: Rachael Johnston

Email: rachael.johnston@AGR.GC.CA

Phone: (343) 548-4918

Description:
The Programs Branch (PB) of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) has requirements on an "as and when requested" basis for professional resources with expertise and skillsets for the delivery of financial counselling and mediation services.
This requirement is to establish a Task Authorization Contract with a qualified Contractor's for services in Ontario. It is intended to result in the award of 4 (four) contracts for 4 (four) years.
The Farm Debt Mediation Service (FDMS) offers free financial counselling and mediation services to farmers who are having difficulties meeting their financial obligations. It is a voluntary, private and confidential service that brings farmers and their creditors together with a Mediator in a
neutral forum to reach a mutually acceptable solution.
The FDMS Administrator will assign a Financial Consultant and a Mediator to work with the farmer through the mediation process. Confidentiality is extremely important to the quality and effectiveness of the service. Information obtained from the farmer and their creditor(s) is used for the sole purpose
of mediation and is shared only among the parties involved in the mediation process.
The Mediator will facilitate communication between the farmer and their creditor(s), guide them through the mediation process, and remain neutral throughout. The Mediator will work collaboratively with the Financial Consultant to understand the context of the file, including the recovery plan
developed by the farmer and the Financial Consultant. The Mediator will lead the mediation meeting and work with the parties toward a mutually acceptable solution. When the farmer and their creditor(s) reach an agreement, the Mediator will prepare the written arrangement and obtain the signatures of all participants.

Trade agreements:
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- 01R11-26-256 FDMS Mediator Consultant Ontario.pdf | EN | 2026/05/05

- 01R11-26-256 FDMS Consultant Médiateur Ontario.pdf | FR | 2026/05/05