Title: Executive Recruitment

Solicitation number: RFSO-4010

Publication date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-06-10

Last amendment date: 2026-05-15

Notice type: Request for Standing Offer

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Canada

Contract duration: 60 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive - Traditional

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 80111700 Personnel recruitment

Organization: Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CNHC)

Contracting authority: Mike Shellard

Email: mshellar@cmhc-schl.gc.ca

Description:
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (“CMHC”), Canada’s housing agency, is committed to bringing people, resources and expertise together to contribute to a well-functioning housing system and to maximize the impact of government resources. CMHC provides housing finance solutions, evidence-based insights backed by the latest research and data, and we deliver the government’s housing programs. It is a Crown Corporation, with a Board of Directors, reporting to Housing, Infrastructure and Communities Canada.
CMHC has more than 2500 employees located at its National Office in Ottawa, and at various regional offices across Canada. The regional offices are located in Montreal, Toronto, Vancouver, Calgary and Halifax. At CMHC, we recognize that fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace strengthens our ability to serve Canadians effectively. We are committed to having a workforce that reflects the diversity of the Canadian population with defined representation goals for people leaders and employees and is fully compliant with all legislative requirements (Employment Equity Act, Official Languages Act, Accessibility Canada Act, Pay Equity Act). We embed diversity, equity, inclusion (DEI) and accessibility in our policies, processes and decision-making leading to equitable employment practices while reinforcing a culture of inclusion.
With this Request for Standing Offer (“RFSO”) Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (“CMHC”) is seeking prospective respondents to qualify in accordance with the evaluation process.
Stream 1 – Executive Search Services - Executive Leadership: Recruitment of senior executive roles at the Vice-President level and above (e.g.VP/Deputy Chief, SVP/Chief or equivalent).
Stream 2 – Specialized Executive Search Services - Director-Level: Recruitment of director-level and director equivalent.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- RFSO-004010 - Executive Search Firms - EN.pdf | EN | 2026/05/15

- RFSO-004010 - Executive Search Firms - FR.pdf | FR | 2026/05/15