Title: EA003-261758 – Lantern Room Floor Structure Replacement – Cape Race, NL

Solicitation number: WS5678944447

Publication date: 2026-05-07

Closing date: 2026-05-28

Notice type: RFP against Supply Arrangement

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Newfoundland and Labrador

Procurement method: Competitive – Selective Tendering

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 81100000 Professional engineering services | 81101508 Architectural engineering

Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Buying organization(s): Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Contracting authority: Dwyer, Alexandria (SPAC/PSPC) (elle-la / she-her)

Email: alexandria.dwyer@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC) is seeking a consultant team to complete repair designs and construction tender documentation to address the deteriorated floor structure of the lantern room at the Cape Race Lighthouse. The repair design scope will involve replacement of the deteriorated floor structure of the lantern room, conservation repairs to the lantern enclosure assembly, and mechanical and electrical considerations in support of the main repairs. The list of the pre-qualified firms invited that qualified under the Architecture & interior Design Supply Arrangement E0225-152290 in no particular order are as follows: 1. DSRA Architecture Inc. 2. MacKay-Lyons Sweetapple Architects 3. DFS Inc architecture & design 4. Lat49 Architecture Inc. 5. Architecture49 Inc. 6. Fowler Bauld & Mitchell Ltd. 7. EastPoint Architecture Partners 8. Hatch Architecture Ltd. 9. Republic Architecture Inc. 10. Gibbons Snow Architects Inc. 11. Stantec Architecture Ltd. 12. Fougere Menchenton Architecture Inc. Reference the solicitation for further details.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)