Title: Dermatology Services for the Ontario Region

Solicitation number: 21120-26-5168082A

Publication date: 2026-04-09

Closing date: 2026-04-29

Last amendment date: 2026-04-22

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Ontario (except NCR)

Contract duration: 36 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Lowest Price

Commodity: 85101706 Traditional healthcare services | 85121600 Medical doctor specialist services | 85121700 Healthcare provider specialist services

Organization: Correctional Service of Canada (CSC)

Contracting authority: Francine Marcotte

Email: Francine.Marcotte@CSC-SCC.gc.ca

Phone: (343) 598-9309

Description:
Dermatology services for inmates
This requirement is for: The Correctional Service of Canada, Ontario Region
Trade agreement: This procurement is not subject to any trade agreement.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement: This solicitation is open only to Canadian suppliers.
Competitive Procurement Strategy: lowest priced compliant bid
Set-aside under the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business:
This procurement is not subject to any set-asides for Indigenous Suppliers.
Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement:
This procurement is not subject to a Comprehensive Land Claims Agreement.
Security Requirements: This contract includes security requirements.
Nature of Requirements:
The following is a summary of the statement of work for this requirement.
The Correctional Service Canada has a requirement to provide the services of a Physician with specialized training in dermatology for Warkworth, Bath, Collins Bay, Joyceville, Millhaven, and the RTC-Regional Treatment Centre Institutions in the Ontario Region.
Objectives: Provide and actively participate in the coordination of essential dermatology services to inmates at Warkworth, Bath, Collins Bay, Joyceville, Millhaven and RTC-Regional Treatment Centre Institutions as a Physician with specialized training in dermatology (P-DT).
Deliverables:
At the request of the project authority, the contractor (Physician with specialized training in dermatology) must:
a) Provide essential integrated, trauma informed, culturally appropriate Primary Care dermatology services to patients, as requested by the Project Authority, consistent with the Performance standards outlined in this statement of work and changes to policy, guidelines and performance standards the Health Services Executive Team (HSET) approves during the contract period.
b) Collaborate with the Project Authority, the Health Services Team and Correctional Staff to promote interdisciplinary teamwork and ensure safe, effective and efficient operation of clinics to attain quality standards and goals as agreed to at the National Health Professional Advisory Committee (NHPAC) and approved by the Health Services Executive Team (HSET).
c) Examine and diagnose conditions and diseases of the skin.
d) Provide consultations to patients as required.
e) Deliver treatment for dermatological conditions and perform wound care.
f) Initiate appropriate referrals to specialized health services when necessary.
g) Recommend medical treatments and advise the Institutional Primary Care Physician (PCP) on patient care plans.
h) provide dermatology consultations for patients referred by the Institutional PCP and manage dermatology care in alignment with the PCP’s recommendations to ensure continuity and integration of care. This includes, but is not limited to, approval by the P-DT of recommendations made by health care providers outside of CSC.
i) consult with the Project Authority or delegate regarding requirements for medical supplies and equipment. The Contractor must submit any requests for equipment and supplies for the Project Authority’s approval.
j) Electronic Medical / Health Record (EMR/EHR):
i. Document all patient encounters in the EMR/EHR, including, but not limited to: all progress notes, all assessment, treatments and consultations;
ii. Complete training on the use of the EMR / EHR;
iii. Use the Medication module to prescribe medication.
iv. Use EMR / EHR Scheduling Module to schedule clinics;
v. Review documents and laboratory results using the EMR / EHR Inbox program
vi. Document Diagnosis in the Diagnosis registry;
vii. Review patient panels as needed and requested within the Health Accreditation Reporting System (HARS) to support the proactive and on-going care of the patients.
k) Medication formulary and Special Authorization items:
i. Prescribe medications according to CSC’s National Drug Formulary;
ii. Request non-formulary medications in accordance with the procedure set out in CSC’s National Drug Formulary; and
iii. Request Special Authorization items on in accordance with CSC’s Essential Health Services Framework
l) Participate in various CSC inmate grievance, investigation and human rights complaints processes, or court proceedings that may include a review of the Contractor's (P-DT’s) documentation on the Health Care Records. Upon request from the Project Authority, the Contractor (P-DT) must participate in interviews as a result of an inmate grievance or investigation process.
Any conditions for participation of suppliers not specified in solicitation documentation: none.
Estimated quantity of commodity: see solicitation document statement of work and basis of payment.
Duration of Contract and Time Frame for Delivery:
Period of the Contract: The Work is to be performed during the period of July 13, 2026 to July 12, 2029.
File Number: 21120-26-5168082A
Contracting Authority: Francine Marcotte
Telephone number: 343-598-9309
E-mail:
Francine.Marcotte@csc-scc.gc.ca
NOTE TO BIDDERS: Bidders can obtain the complete statement of work and evaluation criteria by downloading the solicitation document and associated documents from the Canada buys / tender opportunities website.
The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada (English or French).
After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation process. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of the results of the bid solicitation process. The debriefing may be in writing, by telephone or in person.
Procurement Assistance Canada (PAC) offers seminars to businesses interested in learning how to sell goods and services to the Government of Canada. The seminars are FREE.
Topics include:
 Understand the federal procurement process;
 Learn about searching for opportunities;
 Find out how to bid on opportunities;
 Discover how to prepare to sell to the government.
The full schedule of seminars can be found on the Procurement Assistance Canada website, under find an event (Procurement Assistance Canada: Find an event - Canada.ca).

Trade agreements:
No trade agreements are applicable to this solicitation process

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- 5168082A - Dermatology Services ON - RFP Amend – modification à la DDP 001.pdf | EN and FR | 2026/04/22

- 5168082A - Dermatology Services Ontario - RFP.pdf | EN | 2026/04/09

- Annex F - National Essential Health Care Framework.pdf | EN | 2026/04/09

- Annex G - Medical Practitioner By-Laws.pdf | EN | 2026/04/09

- 471-E - Application for Registration for Canadian Legal Entities.pdf | EN | 2026/04/09

- 5168082A - Services de dermatologie ON - DDP.pdf | FR | 2026/04/09

- Annexe F - Cadre national relatif aux soins de santé essentiels.pdf | FR | 2026/04/09

- Annexe G - Règlements adminisratifs sur les médecins praticiens.pdf | FR | 2026/04/09

- 471-F - Demande d'inscription pour les entités juridiques canadiennes.pdf | FR | 2026/04/09