Title: CCTV installation services for RCMP in PEI and NS

Solicitation number: 202504062

Publication date: 2026-04-22

Closing date: 2026-05-07

Notice type: Request for Standing Offer

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Canada

Contract duration: 12 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Lowest Price

Commodity: 72151700 Safety and security system installation services

Organization: Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP)

Contracting authority: Rosalee Parsons

Email: rosalee.parsons@rcmp-grc.gc.ca

Phone: (902) 720-5112

Description:
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police H and L Divisions (Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island) have a requirement for CCTV equipment installation and system maintenance services on an “as and when requested” basis. The standing offer will be from the date of the standing offer issuance to twelve months from the date of issuance and an additional two (2) optional twelve (12) month periods
The anticipated start date is June 1, 2026.
Basis of selection: An offer must comply with the requirements of the bid solicitation and meet all mandatory technical evaluation criteria to be declared responsive. The responsive offer with the lowest evaluated price will be recommended for issuance of a standing offer.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement:
This solicitation of bids is open only to Canadian suppliers.
Tenders must be submitted to the RCMP Bid Receiving Unit at:
atl_bid_receiving@rcmp-grc.gc.ca
Refer to the attached tender documents to obtain further information.
Canada retains the right to negotiate with any supplier on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada.
Procuring Office:
Rosalee Parsons
RCMP Atlantic Region Procurement
80 Garland Avenue
Dartmouth NS B3B 0J8
902-720-5112
rosalee.parsons@rcmp-grc.gc.ca
Canada will make available Notices of Proposed Procurement (NPP), bid solicitations and related documents for download through the Government Electronic Tendering Service (GETS) at
https://canadabuys.canada.ca/en/tender-opportunities
. Canada is not responsible and will not assume any liabilities whatsoever for the information found on websites of third parties. In the event an NPP, bid solicitation or related documentation would be amended, Canada will not be sending notifications. Canada will post all amendments, including significant enquiries received and their replies, using GETS. It is the sole responsibility of the Bidder to regularly consult GETS for the most up-to-date information. Canada will not be liable for any oversight on the Bidder's part nor for notification services offered by a third party.
The RCMP has adopted the Ineligibility and Suspension Policy administered by Public Services and Procurement Canada. As a result, the supplier integrity and compliance provisions are being applied in RCMP contracting activities as outlined in this solicitation.
Indigenous Procurement:
The federal Indigenous Business Directory (IBD) is an online resource for all levels of government and the private sector to identify Indigenous business capacity. Having a business profile in the IBD will increase your company’s visibility and may provide additional business. A profile in the IBD can also allow you to compete for federal government contracts that are set-aside for Indigenous businesses through the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Businesses. For more information and to review eligibility criteria and register, visit:
www.canada.ca/indigenousbusinessdirectory
.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- 202504062_RFSO_English.pdf | EN | 2026/04/22

- 202504062_DDAC_francais_0.pdf | FR | 2026/04/22