Title: Arrow Utilities - Request for Proposal - 3726.03 Parkland Pump Station Upgrades

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03204

Publication date: 2026-04-23

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Last amendment date: 2026-05-06

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 42 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 47101533 Lift stations | 72000000 Building and Facility Construction and Maintenance Services | 72141125 Pumping station construction service | 81100000 Professional engineering services | 83000000 Public Utilities and Public Sector Related Services

Organization: Arrow Utilities

Contracting authority: Garry Dang-Vuu

Email: gdang-vuu@arrowutilities.ca

Description:
ARROW Utilities (ARROW), formerly known as the Alberta Capital Region Wastewater Commission, is requesting proposals from qualified engineering consulting firms who possess the required personnel, experience, and resources for the provision of design and construction management for the Parkland Pump Station Upgrades.
To familiarize Proponents with the work, an optional pre-proposal site meeting will be held on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at 1:30 PM, local time. The meeting will be held at:
Parkland Pump Station, Lakeshore Estates
53318 Range Rd 261
Spruce Grove, AB
T5S 0L8
(North along 231 Street NW, past Connelly Dr., and head west approximately 400 m)
Proponents are required to bring their own Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), including CSA approved steel toe boots, hard hat, hi-vis vest, goggles and gloves. Proponents who do not have the proper PPE will not be allowed inside the pump station. Note that Proponents will not be allowed to inspect any wet well(s) during this visit due to the possible presence of variable gases.
ARROW Utilities is a regional wastewater services Commission providing wastewater transmission and treatment services to nearly 400,000 people in 13 municipalities surrounding the City of Edmonton, including City of Spruce Grove, Town of Stony Plain, City of St. Albert, City of Fort Saskatchewan, Strathcona County, City of Leduc, Town of Bon Accord, Town of Gibbons, Town of Morinville, City of Beaumont, Parkland County, Sturgeon County, and Leduc County. ARROW’s state-of-the-art Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) is in Strathcona County, north of Sherwood Park, Alberta.
The Parkland Pump Station (PLPS) is located along the south shore of Big Lake, north of Connelly Drive in Parkland County. The PLPS was built in the mid 1980’s and includes a fully fenced site, round pump station building with brick exterior, two wet well chambers, three sewage pumps, electrical control panels and backup generator system. Some facility upgrades have been completed including most HVAC components replaced in 2024 and process instrumentation replaced as required. Most components are still original to the facility and are at the end of their service life. The process piping and instrumentation in the pump station is dated, corroding and the majority is at the end of its service life. Non-destructive testing is completed on the piping annually and has determined it to still be structurally sound. It was noted during an inspection that there is a pinhole on the flushing line. Pumps 1 and 2 are original to the facility and it is common for these to plug up with solids. The pump station encounters lots of rags and material which overwhelms the grinder and clogs the pumps. Pump 3 is approximately 10 years old and currently requires maintenance. Many of the valves including flow control valves, air release valves and pressure control valves are original components with visible corrosion and at the end of their service life as well. It was noted in a recent operator survey and Electrical and Maintenance Testing Report that the switchgear is heavily corroded even though it is only a few years old.
Construction funding for the PLPS Upgrades is anticipated for 2027.