Title: RFP - TBIPS SA - Systems and Applications IM/IT Resources

Solicitation number: ATSSC – 26TBIPSSA03

Publication date: 2026-04-17

Closing date: 2026-05-08

Status: Open

Notice type: RFP against Supply Arrangement

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: National Capital Region (NCR)

Contract duration: 24 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Selective Tendering

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 80101507 Information technology consultation services

Organization: Administrative Tribunals Support Service of Canada (ATSSC)

Contracting authority: Veronica Ross

Email: veronica.ross@tribunal.gc.ca

Phone: (343) 991-3797

Description:
Description of Work:
The Administrative Tribunals Support Service of Canada (ATSSC) provides support services to twelve federal administrative tribunals through a single, integrated organization. By offering specialized services, the ATSSC supports each tribunal's mandate and aims to improve access to justice for Canadians. ATSSC requires support for the development, implementation, and maintenance of custom applications, case management modules, and secure, accessible web properties. There is also a growing need to explore and integrate emerging technologies such as chatbot solutions and AI-powered translation tools to better serve both internal users and external stakeholders. The Information Services & Solutions Team (ISST) is responsible for information management and technology and requires the services of IM/IT professional resources on an “as and when requested” basis to assist with the creation, support and maintenance of new and existing websites and Case Management Systems.
Requirement Details
This requirement is open only to those TBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under Tier 1 for services in the National Capital Region for the following categories:
TBIPS ID RESOURCE CATEGORY
A.6 Programmer/Software Developer
A.14 Web Developer
P.9 Project Manager
I.4 Database Modeller / Information Management Modeller
A.1 Application/Software Architect
A.6 Programmer/Software Developer
A.7 Programmer/Analyst
A.11 Tester
A.12 Web Architect
A.13 Web Designer
A.14 Web Developer
B.1 Business Analyst
P.5 Project Executive
The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal:
Adirondack Information Management Inc.
Adirondack Information Management Inc., Entrust Limited, Artemp Personnel Services Inc., The AIM Group Inc., in JOINT VENTURE
ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp.
ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp. and Randstad Interim Inc
Alika Internet Technologies Inc.
Alika Internet Technologies Inc., LNine Consulting Inc. in Joint Venture
Le Groupe Conseil Bronson Consulting Group
MAKWA Resourcing Inc.
Makwa Resourcing Inc., TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. in JOINT VENTURE
Malarsoft Technology Corporation
S.I. SYSTEMS ULC
SYLOGIX CONSULTING INC.
Systemscope Inc.
Thomas&Schmidt Inc.
Yoush Inc.
Contracting Authority:
Name: Veronica Ross
Phone Number: 343-991-3797
Email Address:
Veronica.Ross@tribunal.gc.ca
Inquiries
Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement must be submitted to the Contracting Authority named above. Request for Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed directly from the Contracting Authority to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with any supplier on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language.
NOTE: Task‐Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply is refreshed three (3) times per year. If you wish to find out how you can be a “Qualified SA Holder”, please contact
parcnmdai.apncrimos@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca
.

Trade agreements:
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None