Title: Snow Removal Services

Solicitation number: DDPINT - 26 - 1626

Publication date: 2026-04-21

Closing date: 2026-05-22

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Canada , Quebec (except NCR) , Montréal

Contract duration: 36 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Highest Combined Rating of Technical Merit and Price

Commodity: 72102903 Snow removal services

Organization: Old Port of Montreal Corporation Inc.

Contracting authority: Mohammed Yazit

Email: myazit@vieuxportdemontreal.com

Phone: (438) 342-6510

Description:
The Corporation wishes to retain the services of a specialized firm to perform snow removal services
across the Corporation’s entire grounds (the “Services”). The Preferred Proponent will be required to
provide the labour, specialized equipment and temporary equipment required to carry out the
aforementioned Services. The Preferred Proponent will need to familiarize themselves with the current
conditions of the Corporation’s entire grounds (the “Grounds”), as further illustrated on the map attached
as Schedule 1A hereto.
Description of Services
The Services are to be divided into Recurring Services and On-Demand Services. Recurring Services are
Services that are invoiced to the Corporation based on a predetermined payment schedule, and for which
a frequency has been predetermined. On-Demand Services are Services other than Recurring Services
that are requested by the Corporation through the issuance of a Statement of Work. Both types of
Services are further described below.
The Snow Removal Season for which the Services will be required runs approximately from November 1
to April 15 of each year, for the duration of the Agreement. Should a first snowfall requiring snow removal
services happen before November 1, the snow removal season will begin on that date.
The various areas requiring snow removal are distributed throughout the three (3) sectors that make up
the Corporation’s Grounds:
• The West Sector (Mill Bridge to the Grand Quay),
• The Centre Sector (Grand Quay to Jacques-Cartier Pier),
• The East Sector (Jacques-Cartier Pier to the lower and upper Clock Tower Pier).
The objectives are as follows:
• Obtain prompt and priority-based snow removal for the services required throughout the
Grounds, Ensure compliance with snow removal frequencies and priority levels
• Obtain prompt On-Demand Services.
The Services to be performed include, but are not limited to:
Recurring Services:
• Removing snow across all areas indicated on the maps attached as Schedule 1B hereto for all
snow and other solid accumulations of 2.5 cm or more (dry or wet, including but not limited to,
glaze ice) until cleaning is completed to the required level of service.
• Removing slush during periods of rising temperatures which cause accumulated snow to melt in
the various areas before temperatures drop again.
• Clearing all snow and glaze ice from roadways, sidewalks and public thoroughfares across the
Corporation’s Grounds by pushing it to free up the largest possible surface area.
• Using a loader, snow blower and/or truck to relocate already accumulated snow by spreading it
throughout the deposit sites in order to accelerate snowmelt. Snow deposit sites are identified by
the letter “D” followed by a number. The corresponding surface areas are also indicated.
• Blowing accumulated snow in the designated locations.
On-Demand Services:
• Removing snow from additional surfaces and areas not indicated on the maps attached as
Schedule 1B, but nonetheless part of the Corporation’s Grounds
• Transporting excess snow to a snow disposal site located outside the Corporation’s Grounds
• Spreading gravel, salt and/or de-icer

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- SVPM - DDPINT - 26 - 1626 - Services de déneigement.pdf | FR | 2026/04/21

- SVPM - DDPINT - 26 - 1626 - Modèle de Convention.pdf | FR | 2026/04/21

- Annexe 5 - DDPINT-26-1626 - Services de déneigement - Grille de prix.xlsx | FR | 2026/04/21

- OPMC - DDPINT - 26 - 1626 - Snow Removal Services.pdf | EN | 2026/04/21

- OPMC - DDPINT-26-1626 - Model Agreement.pdf | EN | 2026/04/21

- Schedule 5 - DDPINT-26-1626 - Snow Removal Services - Pricing.xlsx | EN | 2026/04/21