Title: City of Calgary - Request for Proposal - RFP FFE003 Calgary Event Centre - Point of Sale System

Solicitation number: AB-2026-02853

Publication date: 2026-04-09

Closing date: 2026-05-21

Last amendment date: 2026-05-04

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 13 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 43200000 Components for information technology or broadcasting or telecommunications | 43000000 Information Technology Broadcasting and Telecommunications

Organization: City of Calgary

Contracting authority: CHRISTINE BEATON

Description:
This RFP is open to all interested parties.
CAA ICON, serving as the Development Manager on the Calgary Event Centre project, is requesting proposals to complete the Point of Sale System scope for the new Calgary Event Centre in Calgary, Alberta.
This RFP invites qualified proponents to submit proposals for the implementation of a next-generation Point of Sale solution across The Calgary Event Centre (also referenced as Scotia Place). The Point of Sale system should support both food and beverage and retail operations, offering guests modern and efficient checkout options. Proponents must show their capabilities, roadmap, and innovation strategy for stadium Point of Sale solutions.
Proponents must submit all communications regarding the RFP documents, the RFP process, and their proposals to the Development Manager Contacts, as listed below:
david.woelfel@caaicon.com
bradley.lively@caaicon.com
TO OBTAIN THE RFP DOCUMENTATION, proponents must submit a Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) completed and signed by a duly authorized representative. The proponent must be registered with MERX Canada. Once registered, the file containing the NDA is located under the Required Acknowledgement section of this opportunity and
can be accessed by clicking “Place Bid”.
The document(s) to be completed and signed must be sent, to the attention of:
David Woelfel
CAA ICON
E-mail:
david.woelfel@caaicon.com
Ensure you've entered the correct date and company's legal name, and that it is signed by an authorized representative. If you have not received acknowledgment of your request within twenty-four (24) hours it is your responsibility to resubmit your request.
Following receipt of the required document(s) and CAA ICON’s positive assessment of your company’s submissions, you will receive an e-mail from MERX that the RFP documents are ready for download.
This procurement process is not intended to create, and will not create, a formal, legally binding bidding process. It will instead be governed by the law applicable to direct commercial negotiations.

Trade agreements:
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)