Title: W684E-260835 Grounds Keeping Maintenance

Solicitation number: WS5629035325

Publication date: 2026-04-27

Closing date: 2026-05-15

Last amendment date: 2026-04-27

Notice type: Request for Standing Offer

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Edmonton

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Lowest Price

Commodity: 72102905 Exterior grounds maintenance

Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Buying organization(s): Department of National Defence (DND)

Contracting authority: Wiebe, Lyland (SPAC/PSPC)

Email: lyland.wiebe@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
(English)
Please note that late submissions will not be considered or accepted.
Canadian Forces Base Edmonton requires an “As and When Requested” Standing Offer Agreement (SOA) to augment the grounds keeping tasks completed through DND's Roads and Grounds section. The work comprises the furnishing of all labor, estimating, materials, tools, equipment, transportation, supervision, and administration necessary to provide grounds keeping services.
This solicitation of offers is subject to the Policy on Reciprocal Procurement. This means that only Canadian Suppliers and Suppliers of an Applicable Trading Partner, as defined in the Annex Solicitation of Offers Definitions, are eligible for this solicitation of offers. Offers submitted by Suppliers of a Non-Trading Partner will be rejected.
Mandatory Work Site Visit. The Offeror must attend the mandatory site visit. The site visit will be held at CFB Edmonton Garrison on May 11 2026, beginning at 1:00 pm, in CFB Edmonton Garrison. Communication with Standing Offer Authority. Offerors must communicate with the Standing Offer Authority no later than May 08, 2026 at 4:00 pm MDT to confirm attendance and provide the name(s) of their representatives. Offerors must sign an attendance sheet. Offerors should confirm in their offer that they have attended the mandatory site visit. Canada will declare non-compliant offers from any Offerors who do not attend the mandatory site visit.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None