Title: RFP - F1802-270001 – Oracle - Disposal of a vessel in Kitsilano, BC

Solicitation number: WS5647785788

Publication date: 2026-04-20

Closing date: 2026-04-29

Last amendment date: 2026-04-23

Notice type: RFP against Supply Arrangement

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Canada

Procurement method: Competitive – Selective Tendering

Selection criteria: Variations or combinations of the above methods

Commodity: 81101506 Naval architecture | 81101606 Marine engineering

Organization: Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Buying organization(s): Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)

Contracting authority: Jeakins, Andrea (SPAC/PSPC) (elle-la / she-her)

Email: andrea.jeakins@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca

Description:
Please note that late submissions will not be considered or accepted.
CCG has a requirement for the refloat and recovery, lightering bulk pollutants, removal from the marine environment, and storage of a vessel in Kitsilano, BC. Upon removal, if the vessels’ condition does not allow for it to be stored, it is to be deconstructed without storage. If the vessels’ condition does allow for it to be stored the Contractor must store the vessel for a minimum period of 30 days or until advised by Canada that storage is no longer required. At the end of the storage period, CCG may require the vessel to be deconstructed and its materials disposed of. The vessel is to be removed from current location by May 27, 2026. The completion of the work and all deliverables must be delivered by July 6, 2026.
This bid solicitation process is open only to suppliers holding a Supply Arrangement (SA) under the Request for Supply Arrangement (RFSA) EVC01-202004. If you wish to become a pre-qualified supplier under this RFSA, please contact the contracting officer.
Show more description
Show less description
Contract duration
Refer to the description above for full details.
Trade agreements
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Reason for limited tendering
A contracting officer can use limited tendering for specific reasons outlined in the applicable trade agreements. The reason for this contract is described below:
None
Contact information
Contracting organization
Organization
Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)
Address
11 Laurier St, Phase III, Place du Portage
Gatineau, Quebec, K1A 0S5
Canada
Contracting authority
Jeakins, Andrea (SPAC/PSPC) (elle-la / she-her)
Email
andrea.jeakins@tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca
Buying organization(s)
Organization
Department of Public Works and Government Services (PSPC)
Address
11 Laurier St, Phase III, Place du Portage
Gatineau, Quebec, K1A 0S5
Canada
Bidding details
Related notices
There are currently no notices related to this notice.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None