Title: Heavy Duty Mechanic Services, AAFC, Lacombe Research and Development Centre

Solicitation number: WSC-2526-193

Publication date: 2026-04-30

Closing date: 2026-06-09

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English, French

Region(s) of delivery: Canada , Alberta , Lacombe

Contract duration: 12 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Variations or combinations of the above methods

Commodity: 72154501 Heavy equipment maintenance and repair service

Organization: Department of Agriculture and Agri-Food (AAFC)

Contracting authority: Melissa Smith

Email: melissa.smith3@agr.gc.ca

Phone: (306) 515-4796

Description:
Description:
The Department of Agriculture and Agri Food Canada (AAFC), Lacombe Research and Development Centre at 6000 C and E Trail, Lacombe, Alberta, requires a Contractor to provide Heavy Duty Mechanic Service on an “as and when required” basis.
This bid solicitation is to establish a contract with task authorizations (TA) for the delivery of the requirement detailed in the bid solicitation to AAFC, Lacombe.
The contract period will be for one year from the date of contract with an irrevocable option to extend it for up to one additional one-year period. The anticipated start date is July 1, 2026.
Policy on Reciprocal Procurement:
This solicitation of offers is open only to Canadian suppliers (if subject to any international trade agreement(s) and to Suppliers of an applicable trading partner.
Mandatory Technical Requirements:
Bids will be assessed in accordance with the entire requirement of the bid solicitation including the technical and financial evaluation criteria.
Basis of selection: A bid must comply with the requirements of the bid solicitation and meet all mandatory technical evaluation criteria to be declared responsive. The responsive bid with the lowest evaluated price will be recommended for award of a contract.
SOLICITATIONS MUST BE SUBMITTED TO AAFC AT:
This bid solicitation allows bidders to use the CPC Connect service provided by Canada Post Corporation to transmit their bid electronically. Bidders must refer to Part 4 entitled Offer Submission of the bid solicitation, for further information.
Refer to the attached solicitation documents to obtain further information.
Canada retains the right to negotiate with any supplier on any procurement.
Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada.
PROCURING OFFICE:
Melissa Smith, Procurement Specialist
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada
Western Service Centre
300 – 2010 12th Avenue
Regina, SK S4P 0M3
Telephone: 306-515-4796
E-mail address:
melissa.smith3@agr.gc.ca
AAFC has adopted the Integrity Regime administered by Public Services and Procurement Canada. As a result, the integrity provisions are being applied in AAFC procurement activities as outlined in this solicitation.
Canada will make available Notices of Proposed Procurement (NPP), bid solicitations and related documents for download through the Government Electronic Tendering Service (GETS) at
https://canadabuys.canada.ca/en/solicitation-opportunities
. Canada is not responsible and will not assume any liabilities whatsoever for the information found on websites of third parties. In the event an NPP, bid solicitation or related documentation would be amended, Canada will not be sending notifications. Canada will post all amendments, including significant enquiries received and their replies, using GETS. It is the sole responsibility of the Bidder to regularly consult GETS for the most up-to-date information. Canada will not be liable for any oversight on the Bidder's part nor for notification services offered by a third party.
Indigenous Procurement:
The federal Indigenous Business Directory (IBD) is an online resource for all levels of government and the private sector to identify Indigenous business capacity. Having a business profile in the IBD will increase your company’s visibility and may provide additional business. A profile in the IBD can also allow you to compete for federal government contracts that are set-aside for Indigenous businesses through the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Businesses. For more information and to review eligibility criteria and register, visit:
www.canada.ca/indigenousbusinessdirectory
.

Trade agreements:
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- RFP #WSC-2526-193 - (E).pdf | EN | 2026/04/30

- RFP #WSC-2526-193 - (F).pdf | FR | 2026/04/30