Title: Assisted Living and Social Services - Request for Proposal - ALIS CAREER DEVELOPMENT EXPERT

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03109

Publication date: 2026-04-22

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 33 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 86132204 Curriculum development service | 86132205 Educational forecasting service

Organization: Assisted Living and Social Services

Contracting authority: Matthew Holden

Email: PRMNorth.rfp-proposals@gov.ab.ca

Description:
The Ministry of Assisted Living and Social Services (ALSS), Procurement & Resource Management, is seeking proposals from multiple qualified Proponents to provide a long-term contract with an innovative and leading career development expert for the Alis Digital Platform to help them achieve that vision within Alberta’s diverse career development ecosystem. This senior level Certified Career Development Practitioner (CCDP) will provide consultation services in three key areas:
1) OUTREACH, EDUCATION, AND TRAINING:
The Proponent will be required to proactively seek out and educate career advisors throughout Alberta’s career, learning, and employment ecosystem on how to best integrate alis into their professional practice. They will be expected to present alis at relevant provincial and national conferences.
2) ADVISEMENT AND CONSULTING:
The Proponent will be required to advise the alis.alberta.ca (alis) team, and other partners within government, on how to best align past, present, and future work with modern career development theory and practice.
3) RESEARCH, FACILITATION, AND EVALUATION:
The Proponent will be required to lead and / or subcontract evaluative projects (e.g. outcomes, behavioural insights, return on investment, user experience) to build an up-to-date evidence base for alis and guide future work.
All questions and any form of communication between the Proponents and the Province in relation to this RFP must be submitted in writing via email to
PRMNorth.rfp-proposals@gov.ab.ca
quoting the RFP number (as identified on the front page of the RFP) by May 27, 2026. Questions received after this time will be answered at this discretion of the Province. All questions and responses will be documented and will be posted on the APC website. Link:
www.purchasingconnection.ca/
Proposals must be submitted to the Province electronically, via email, in Microsoft Word and Adobe Acrobat (PDF) format by the RFP Closing Date and Time to the following email address:
PRMNorth.RFP-Proposals@gov.ab.ca
.
RFP Closing Date and Time: May 29, 2026 no later than 14:00:59 Alberta Time
Organizational Unit:
Attention: Matthew Holden, Committee Chair
Procurement and Resource Management- North Rural Zone
Ministry of Assisted Living and Social Services

Trade agreements:
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)