Title: Forestry and Parks - Request for Proposal - Engineering and Construction Administration Consultant Services - Marten River Campground Septic System Replacement

Solicitation number: AB-2026-03637

Publication date: 2026-05-08

Closing date: 2026-05-29

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Alberta

Contract duration: 21 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Commodity: 81100000 Professional engineering services

Organization: Forestry and Parks

Contracting authority: Ben Hannaford

Email: ben.hannaford@gov.ab.ca

Description:
Marten River Campground is located in Lesser Slave Lake Provincial Park, and is located 25 km north of the Town of Slave Lake, Alberta. The campsite offers 110 powered campsites, a sandy beach, and amenities including showers, flush toilets, an amphitheatre, and a playground.
The existing septic treatment system services the dump station, shower house, and check-in booth, but is not able to meet demands and has been nonoperational since 2022. As a result, septic waste is currently being hauled off-site. A preliminary wastewater assessment report was completed in 2022 and outlines the need for a new septic system to address both environmental and financial concerns related to the existing failed infrastructure. This report is included in the appendicles of this RFP.
The 2022 report includes a conceptual design for a replacement system, based on local soil conditions and the need for treatment mounds. It also notes that the existing obsolete system no longer complies with Alberta’s Private Sewage Standards.
Additionally, the staff house (4-bedroom) and maintenance shop are currently connected to a separate septic tank which is not connected to the existing wastewater treatment system. The proponent should account for the optional future connection of this system by including the associated flow in the design calculations and sizing the proposed mound accordingly.
The purpose of this RFP is to invite Proposals from suitably qualified Proponents with demonstrated experience to provide professional engineering services for the replacement of the existing septic system at Marten River Campground. The successful Proponent will be responsible for completing detailed design, obtaining required approvals, preparing tender documentation, and providing project management and construction monitoring services as outlined in this RFP.
Refer to the RFP document for additional information and complete scope of work.

Trade agreements:
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)