Title: Passenger Transportation Services from Thompson to Split Lake in Northern Manitoba

Solicitation number: 1000263247A

Publication date: 2026-04-24

Closing date: 2026-05-14

Status: Open

Notice type: Request for Proposal

Language(s): English

Region(s) of delivery: Manitoba , Thompson

Contract duration: 36 month(s)

Procurement method: Competitive – Open Bidding

Selection criteria: Lowest Price

Commodity: 78101604 Vehicle transport services | 78111800 Passenger road transportation | 78112001 Mixed mode urban and suburban transportation for passengers

Organization: Department of Indigenous Services (ISC)

Contracting authority: Karen Mezher

Email: karen.mezher@sac-isc.gc.ca

Description:
This requirement is for the department of Indigenous Services Canada (ISC)
Reissue of Solicitation of Offers. This solicitation of offers cancels and supersedes previous solicitation of offers number 1000263247 dated 2026-02-02 with a closing of 2026-03-02 at 2PM ET. A debriefing or feedback session will be provided upon request to Offeror's who offered on the previous solicitation of offers.
Important Notice to Bidders:
Conditional Set-Aside Under the Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business (PSIB)
This procurement is conditionally set aside under the federal government Procurement Strategy for Indigenous Business.
In order to be considered, the Offeror must certify that it qualifies as an Indigenous business as defined under PSIB and that it will comply with all requirements of PSIB. If bids from two (2) or more Indigenous businesses are compliant with the terms of the Request for Proposal, the contracting authority will limit the competition to those Indigenous businesses and will not consider bids from any non- Indigenous businesses that may have been submitted.
For more information on Indigenous business requirements of the Set-aside Program for Indigenous Business, refer to Annex 9.4:
https://canadabuys.canada.ca/en/how-procurement-works/policies-and-guid…
of the Supply Manual.
Description of the Requirement:
The intent of this Request for Proposal (RFP) is to award one (1) Contract for passenger transportation services for First Nations Inuit and Health Branch (FNIHB) nurses/employees from Thompson Airport to Split Lake First Nations (140 km one way) in Northern Manitoba.
FNIHB requires these reliable, roundtrip transportation services with a variety of required trips, including scheduled trips, unscheduled trips and emergency trips. There are scheduled trips between Thompson and Split Lake that align with the nurse shift change, but there are also often unplanned trips that are required.
In these short-notice situations, employees sometimes struggle to secure a taxi. Therefore, FNIHB is looking for a reliable passenger transportation service to transport FNIHB employees between the Thompson Airport and the Split Lake Nursing Station.
Level of Security Requirement:
There are no security requirements for this request.
Proposed period of contract:
The initial contract period is three (3) years from contract award, with two (2) additional one (1) year option periods.
For enquiries contact the Contracting Authority: Karen Mezher at
karen.mezher@sac-isc.gc.ca

Trade agreements:
World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO GPA)
Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA)
Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA)
Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Panama Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Honduras Free Trade Agreement
Canada-Korea Free Trade Agreement (CKFTA)
Canadian Free Trade Agreement (CFTA)
Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP)
Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement (CUFTA)
Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement (Canada-UK TCA)

Reason for limited tendering:
None

Documents:

- 1000263247A_Request for Proposal.pdf | EN | 2026/04/24

- 1000263247A_Demande de Proposition.pdf | FR | 2026/04/24