Title: RFP – Curriculum Developer: Indigenous Health Navigator Certification
Author: pmnationtalk
Deadline: May 18, 2026
Name: First Nations Health Managers Association
Type: RFP
Region: Akwesasne, ON
Email: andrea.aiabens@fnhma.ca
Sector: Public Sector
Category: health
Client: First Nations Health Managers Association

Description:
REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL
Curriculum Developer: Indigenous Health Navigator Certification
1. INTRODUCTION AND BACKGROUND
The First Nations Health Managers Association (FNHMA) provides leadership in First Nations health management activities by developing and promoting quality standards, practices, research, certification, networking, and professional development to expand capacity for our members and First Nations communities.
The Indigenous health system is complex and multi -jurisdictional and requires not just effective health care but also culturally safe health care. The FNHMA has become recognized for its success in supporting community-based health managers who play a key role in strengthening health care for First Nations communities. In addition to health managers, there are other roles that are important in building a more streamlined and culturally safe continuum of care for Indigenous patients and their families, both in community and in urban centers.
Indigenous Health Navigators (IHN) help patients and their families navigate the healthcare system, beyond available community health services. As peer supports, IHN guide patients and families through diagnosis, treatment, and are valuable in helping to access available resources. IHN understand the complex jurisdictional health landscape, the current and historical realities of patients and families, and provide support using a culturally safe and trauma-informed approach. IHN are a bridge between community health services and the mainstream health services that are accessed in urban centres. They are an ongoing resource for patients and families. IHNs have been traditionally based in urban health clinics and hospitals, with opportunities to expand their patient access points to Friendship Centres and other indigenous led organizations.
2. OBJECTIVE
Building on the flagship certification program for First Nations Health Managers, the FNHMA is seeking a Curriculum Developer to develop certified curriculum and training for Indigenous Health Navigators (IHN). Engagement with IHNs, those who manage IHNs, those who work closely or worked in the role previous was completed in March and will be used to help develop the competencies and curriculum moving forward.
This program will reflect the needs of the current Indigenous health work force shown in the engagement report (to be provided). The intent of the work is to support the development of national standard for Indigenous health workers through the development of standardized national competencies that encompass and reflect the range of skills exhibited by this diverse and skilled workforce.
A Prior Learning Assessment and Recognition (PLAR) process will also be developed along side the IHN curriculum development.
3. TIMEFRAME
The project will begin as soon as possible following the selection of the contractor and be completed by March 2027.
4. CONTRACTOR METHODOLOGY
Curriculum Development
Key activities:
Draft Core Competencies
Validation of Competencies (Calgary, September 22-23, 2026)
Draft Curriculum and Learning Materials
Draft PLAR process
Present 1 full day FNHMA pre-conference workshop (Vancouver, November 3, 2026)
Pilot and Evaluation
Key activities:
Piloting the curriculum and learning materials.
5. DELIVERABLES
The deliverables for this project are:
Core Competencies
Validate Core Competencies
Draft Curriculum and Learning Materials
Draft PLAR process
Present Competencies and Draft Curriculum at Pre-Conference
Pilot
6.
REPORTING
The contractor will report to the Manager of Programs of FNHMA.
The contractor is required to provide a written report to FNHMA on a monthly basis on progress to date on the deliverables and to meet with FNHMA staff responsible for this project as required.
7. REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL
FNHMA is inviting proposals from Indigenous companies to provide the above goals and deliverables to FNHMA in the time frame specified.
As a contractor, you are being asked to provide one electronic copy of your proposal by May 18, 2026 at 5 p.m. EDT.
Andrea Aiabens
Manager of Programs
211 Akwesasne International Road
Akwesasne
ON K6H 0G5
andrea.aiabens@
fnhma.ca
8. INQUIRES
Inquires, interpretations, and questions regarding the RFP are to be directed to Andrea Aiabens at
andrea.aiabens@fnhma.ca
9. CLOSING DATE
RFP Closing Date: Monday May 18, 2026 at 5 PM EDT
10. REVIEW PROCESS AND SELECTION CRITERIA
Upon closing of the competition, the proposals will be reviewed internally by the Partner Organizations to make a recommendation for contract awards. Late proposals will not be accepted, and incomplete proposals will not be reviewed. Eligible proposals will be further reviewed according to the criteria appended to this RFP.
Qualifications, expertise and experience of respondents.
Experience working with Indigenous People organizations and Indigenous Communities.
Implementation Plan and Approach.
Innovative or creative approaches.
Completeness and accuracy of the proposal format and supporting documentation.
Cost and timeline for submission.
FNHMA expects to contract with the Indigenous firm whose proposal demonstrates that its performance of the work would be most advantageous to FNHMA, with price and other factors considered. FNHMA reserves the right to award a contract to other than the low contractor or not to make an award if that is deemed to serve its best interest.
FNHMA shall award the contract on May 29, 2026.
11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
FNHMA will have complete copyrights to all work completed. The Contractor will not retain copyright, title, or interest associated with the new content, etc. provided, developed by or for the Contractor for this project.
12. REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL SUBMISSION
COVER LETTER
A cover letter dated and signed by the contractor, who is authorized to negotiate and make commitments and provide any clarifications with respect to the proposal on behalf of the supplier of this contract.
PROFILE
Submit a brief profile indicating qualifications, expertise and years of experience and contact information. Include details regarding recent related experience over the past three years as well as other related experience in providing similar types of services.
To validate your experience, provide 2 references (including a current contact name and telephone number).
IMPLEMENTATION PLAN AND APPROACH
Provide a plan that clearly details the approach to carry out the work listed including timelines and any additional considerations. This can include innovative or creative approaches.
COSTS
Provide a budget and timeline for completion of the deliverables. Please include a budget for each of the major activities.
FNHMA contemplates a contract for a fixed fee, comprising the consultant’s charges for all work undertaken. Administrative costs such as conference calls or mailing can be charged in addition to the fees but must be discussed with the project authority ahead of time. Pre-approved travel costs, if any, are also in addition to the fees.
13. IMPORTANT PROPOSAL AND CONTRACT INFORMATION
Amendments and Exceptions to Proposal:
Substantive amendments are prohibited once a proposal has been submitted. In some instances, additional information or material is required to evaluate a proposal. If this is the case, contractors will be notified in writing and will be expected to provide the requested information within five business days of request.
Consultants may withdraw a proposal at any time before 5 pm EDT on May 22, 2026, by written notice to FNHMA. FNHMA reserves the right not to proceed with this project even after it has received proposals. FNHMA is not responsible for loss or damage to the material submitted, or for any unauthorized use or misuse of the submitted materials by any third party. By submitting a proposal each contractor grants to FNHMA the right to duplicate, use, disclose and distribute all the materials submitted for purposes of evaluation, review, and research. In addition, each contractor guarantees that the contractor has full and complete rights to all the information and materials included in the proposal. Each contractor also guarantees that all such materials are not defamatory and do not infringe upon or violate the privacy rights, copyrights, or other proprietary rights of any third party.
Conditions of Agreement:
If a proposal is selected for funding, contractors will be required to sign a binding agreement. Until both parties have signed an agreement, no express or implied commitment has been made fully executed. If contractors opt to commence work, they do so at their own risk. No oral or written statement other than the signed, written agreement will govern or modify the relationship.
As a condition of agreement, applicants must guarantee that, among other things, any work they undertake on behalf of FNHMA is not defamatory and will not violate or infringe upon the privacy rights, copyrights or other proprietary rights of any third party. Contractors must also agree to indemnify FNHMA against any loss resulting from breach of any of the guarantees contained in the agreement.
The receiving funds from FNHMA must be able to comply with a number of requirements that will be included in the operative agreement. These requirements include but are not limited to:
Maintenance, for three years following receipt of relevant funds, of all financial records to the project, which records shall be accessible to FNHMA or other representatives for examination and audit purposes; (contractors will additionally ensure that any subcontractors or consultants under the agreement shall also maintain such records for the period specified and under the same terms);
Maintenance, for three years after approval of a final financial report, of a complete file of all subcontracts and other agreements, licenses, clearances, and other documents related to the work undertaken, copies of which shall be made available to FNHMA on request;
Compliance with non-discrimination laws and policies; and
All materials created, developed, compiled or produced pursuant to or as a result of this project (including but not limited to all reports) will be considered ordered and commissioned by
FNHMA as works made for hire under the copyrights laws, and made in the course for services rendered. If, for any reason, the proposed materials to be provided are not considered works made for hire under the copyright laws, then the contractor will be required to assign all rights, title and interest in and to such materials to FNHMA. The contractor further agrees that neither they, nor any of their subcontractors, will have any copyrights whatsoever in any materials created, developed, compiled or produced by them or by any subcontractor, or by any third party participating in the preparation of materials for this project. Other material terms and provisions will be set forth in the documents provided to the contractor whose proposal is selected.
Non-Award of Contract
: In the event that the proposals submitted do not meet FNHMA’s requirement, FNHMA may not award a contract. Further, in the event the budgets submitted within the proposals are beyond the FNHMA’s expectations, a contract may not be awarded.