Title: Professional Conference Organizer (PCO) for 2027 Canadian Cancer Research Conference
Author: tanderson3
Deadline: June 10, 2026
Name: Tracy Anderson
Type: RFP
Region: Ontario
Town: Toronto
Phone: 4169159222
Price: TBD
Email: tracy.anderson@partnershipagainstcancer.ca
Sector: Public Sector
Category: Business Services / Supplies

Description:
This RFP is being issued by the Canadian Partnership Against Cancer (CPAC), on behalf of the Canadian Cancer Research Alliance (CCRA). CPAC provides secretariat and other supports to the CCRA to enable its members to regularly convene, network, and carry out its core activities. The goal of the RFP is to procure an experienced Professional Conference Organizer (PCO) to support abstract submission, registration, planning logistics and execution of the 2027 Canadian Cancer Research Conference (CCRC). It is the Partnership’s intention to enter into an Agreement with only one (1) legal entity, subcontracting is allowed with prior approval from the Partnership.
Background
The CCRC is Canada’s only conference devoted to the continuum of cancer research from discovery to survivorship and palliative and end-of-life care and policy. Since its inaugural meeting in 2011, this biennial conference brings together the Canadian cancer research community for an agenda spanning the research spectrum and provides an opportunity for researchers, trainees, clinicians, decision-makers, First Nations, Inuit and Métis partners, and patients to hear the latest developments in Canadian cancer research and network across research disciplines. The conference objectives include:
Showcasing the range and excellence of Canadian cancer research, featuring all areas of cancer research and highlighting emerging and relevant findings from top Canadian and international researchers and First Nations, Inuit and Métis-led research
Developing the next generation of cancer researchers through network growth and providing a platform to showcase research from early-career investigators and trainees
Advancing reconciliation and equity in cancer research through intentional representation in conference organization and programming
Promoting the engagement of persons affected by cancer in research and integrates patient partners into all aspects of the conference
The next CCRC is scheduled for November 7-9, 2027, in Montreal, QC, with satellite events, pre/post-conference workshops, and meetings occurring before and after the CCRC proper. Contracts are already in place at the Société du Palais des Congrès de Montréal and Le Westin Montréal. The
CCRC
has been hosted biennially since 2011 and averages approximately 1000 attendees.
The main components of the conference include:
Scientific Program – consists of plenary sessions made up of presentations from invited national and international leaders in cancer research. Concurrent sessions, lightning sessions, poster sessions, and workshops made up of presentations from the submitted abstracts are also included.
First Nations, Inuit and Métis Stream
– comprises the inclusion of First Nations, Inuit and Métis culturally grounded practices such as a traditional opening and closing, dedicated wellness space, engagement of an Elder, Traditional Healer, and Knowledge Keeper It also includes knowledge products and research presentations from First Nations, Inuit and Métis participants integrated within the scientific program sessions.
Patient Involvement in Cancer Research Program (PIP)
– provides patient partners with an opportunity to learn about leading-edge science from Canada’s cancer researchers and trainees and offers the scientific community an opportunity to learn from and interact with patient partners keen on building their knowledge of cancer research and demonstrating the value that engaged patients can bring to the cancer research process.
CCRA Awards – presented at the CCRC, the CCRA awards recognize and celebrate on a biennial basis the outstanding contributions of individuals who have had a remarkable impact on cancer research and the cancer research community.
Special Events and Activities – includes both open and closed meetings, events and networking events scheduled around the scientific program hosted by partner organizations.
Proponent responsibilities
The successful Proponent will be asked to provide logistical support for activities for the CCRC from planning, to conference delivery, to post-conference wrap-up. The CCRA Secretariat and Partnership staff, guided by several planning committees, outlined above, will oversee and approve all activities, proposals, and recommendations related to the CCRC. The proponents’ primary contact will be the CCRA Secretariat. Recommendations on strategic and streamlined approaches to conference planning and execution of various conference elements will be requested of the successful Proponent.
Proposal submission
Proponents must submit the proposal in electronic copy via
Biddingo™
before the Proposal Submission Deadline of Wednesday, June 10, 2026 at 12:00 (noon) EDT.
Bid Details
RP400-2026-01
Status
Open
Issue date
May 11, 2026
Proposal Submission Deadline:
RFP Issue Date:
Monday, May 11, 2026
Questions and Requests for Clarification to be Submitted in writing via Biddingo™:
Monday, May 25, 2026, at 3:00 p.m. EDT
Response to Proponent Questions and
Addenda Deadline:
Monday, June 1, 2026
RFP Submission Deadline:
Wednesday, June 10, 2026 at 12:00 (noon) EDT
Virtual Presentations:
July 20-24, 2026
Anticipated Tentative Award Date:
August, 2026
Anticipated Tentative Agreement Start Date:
August, 2026