Title: To Host the Assembly of First Nations 2027 Annual General Assembly
Author: ahnationtalk
Deadline: May 29, 2026
Name: Assembly of First Nations
Type: RFP
Region: ON
Sector: Public Sector
Category: Business Services / Supplies

Description:
Introduction
The Assembly of First Nations (AFN) is a national advocacy organization that works to advance the collective aspirations of First Nations.
The AFN is guided by an Executive Committee consisting of an elected National Chief and Regional Chiefs from each province and territory.
The 2027 Annual General Assembly is an election year for the National Chief.
Objective
The objective of this Request for Proposals (RFP) is to select a bidder to provide a high quality of professionalism, integrity and confidentiality in carrying out the work which pertains to the AFN.
The AFN is seeking a venue to host the AFN’s Annual General Assembly that meets the space requirements listed in this RFP to conduct AFN business.
The selection will be reviewed by an internal committee and recommended proposals/venues will be presented to the Executive Committee who will select the successful proposal.
Background
The AFN hosts at least two Assemblies each year where mandates and directives for the organization are established through resolutions directed and supported by the First Nations in Assembly, (elected Chiefs or proxies from member First Nations.)
Proposal Submission Instructions
All proposals shall be received by the AFN no later than May 29, 2026 by 5:00pm EDT.
All proposals will clearly identify the name of the proponent and the note “RFP for Bid to Host AFN’s 2027 Annual General Assembly” in the subject line of email.
Individuals shall indicate whether they identify as Indigenous and what Indigenous community acknowledges their membership. Corporate entities shall do the same for the ownership of the entity and for those who will conduct the work under the AFN.
Late submissions will not be accepted and will not be considered without exception. The use of the fax, mail or courier services for delivery of a bid will not be accepted.
Proposal Submission Requirements
PROPOSAL SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS
All proposals shall include the following information:
Meeting space for 3000 people in plenary;
Tradeshow space for a minimum of 125 8×10 booths;
18 breakout rooms – AFN Staff Room, 11 Caucus Rooms (to be paid for by the regions), Media/Press Room, 3 rooms for Councils’ meeting/gathering, CEO/Co-Chair Room, and Election room;
All meeting space must be available in one facility;
2500 hotel rooms available within the city limits; and
All meeting space and hotel rooms must be available in July 2027.
Rights of the AFN
The AFN reserves the right to:
reject any or all proposals received in response to this Request for Proposals;
enter into negotiation with one or more bidders on any or all aspects of their respective proposals;
accept any proposal in whole, or in part;
cancel and/or re-issue the modified version of a given RFP requirement at any time;
award one or more contracts;
verify all information provided with respect to a given RFP requirement, including the right to request confirmation of the bidder’s legal status and signed documentation; and
award contracts without competition for follow-up work, if any, to the selected bidder for a given project
Evaluation Criteria
The AFN will select the Proponent(s) which, in the AFN’s sole discretion, best serves the needs of the AFN. The following is a summary of the general considerations that will be used to determine the Proponent(s) that will be selected:
Meeting the Space Requirements
30
Overall Experience and Demonstrated Results
10
Budget Approach and Cost Effectiveness, including Tourism Funding for venue and number of Hotel Nights
35
Terms and Conditions
15
Indigenous Organization/Individual
10
Total
100
Timetable
Description of Deliverables
Due Date
1. Deadline to submit Proposal
May 29, 2026
2. Internal Committee Review
Jun 01, 2026
3. Recommendations to Executive Committee
Jul 06, 2026
4. Executive Committee Decision
Jul 12, 2026
Miscellaneous Provisions
Price
Bidders must provide a firm fixed price for venue meeting space including HST.
AFN will evaluate costs pertaining to food and beverage, audio-visual, and other related costs in a separate process, with recommendations from the successful bidder.
Confidentiality
Responses to this RFP will be considered as confidential information by the AFN and will be used solely for the purposes of selecting the successful bidder.
Responses/Submission
All on-time proposals will be acknowledged. Only those submissions that meet the deadline will be considered.
Requests for clarification and/or questions and all final submissions should be sent to:
Jonathan Thompson, Vice-President
Operations and Administration
Assembly of First Nations
Telephone: (613) 241-6789 extension 235
Electronic Mail: jthompson@afn.ca
Responses to this RFP must be received by the close of business (5:00pm EDT) on May 29, 2026.