Title: Chainsaw Repair Services
Author: pmnationtalk
Deadline: January 30, 2026
Name: Forestry and Parks
Type: RFP
Region: Alberta
Email: wf.wfts-contracts@gov.ab.ca
Sector: Public Sector
Category: Services

Description:
Basic Information
Reference Number
00004850889
Issuing Organization
Forestry and Parks
Solicitation Type
RFP – Request for Proposal (Formal)
Solicitation Number
AB-2026-00078
Title
Chainsaw Repair Services
Source ID
SCRIBE
Details
Location
Alberta
Purchase Type
Not Stated
Dates
Publication
2026/01/07 10:38:00 AM EST
Closing Date
2026/01/30 04:00:00 PM EST
Description
Alberta Forestry and Parks, Warehousing, Facilities and Technical Services utilizes contracted services to assist Wildfire Management’s ability to maintain mechanical equipment for use on wildfires within Alberta.
Mechanical firefighting equipment plays a critical role in wildfire suppression. Equipment must be repaired and returned to an in-service state as quickly as possible to ensure sufficient resources remain available to be deployed to ongoing and future wildfire emergencies. The department requires a Contractor for chainsaw repair services to assist Ministry resources to achieve our service mandate.
The Contractor will provide the facility, tools, parts and appropriately trained staff to conduct thorough and complete repairs on Forestry and Parks owned chainsaws on an “as-needed” basis, with no guarantee of work.
It is estimated that the Province will require repair on 450 – 550 chainsaws per year. Proponents must provide a Flat Rate Repair Price for the Services. This flat rate must represent the total cost per chainsaw for completing the repair, including pick-up and delivery from and to the Forestry and Parks Provincial Warehouse and Service Centre.
Proponents must also provide an Hourly Diagnostic Fee that applies where diagnostic-only service is required because units requiring parts exceeding 50% of MSRP will not be repaired under the Flat Rate Repair Price. Contractor will return the unit and invoice Hourly Diagnostic Fee only. Contractor must notify Alberta Forestry and Parks when estimated parts cost exceeds 50% MSRP. In such cases, a maximum of 1x (one hour) Hourly Diagnostic Fee will be charged.
Information/Pre-bid Meeting
Tue•Jan 20, 2026•1:30 pm (MT)
Contact Information
Marc Belanger
wf.wfts-contracts@gov.ab.ca
For more information:
MERX