Title: Financial Statements Audit Services
Author: ahnationtalk
Deadline: April 17, 2026
Name: National Aboriginal Capital Corporations Association (NACCA)
Type: RFP
Region: ON
Sector: Public Sector
Category: Finance

Description:
About NACCA
The National Aboriginal Capital Corporations Association (NACCA) is the umbrella organization for a network of 50 plus Indigenous Financial Institutions (IFIs) across Canada. NACCA’s mandate is to serve, support and advocate for the Indigenous Financial Institutions network.
Over the last 30 years, the IFI network has provided nearly $3 billion to support economic development and the unique and specific needs of 49,000 Small and Medium Sized Enterprise (SME) loans in Indigenous communities across Canada.
NACCA’s Board of Directors is 100% Indigenous, and all entrepreneurs supported by our IFI network are members of a First Nation, Metis or Inuit community. More information about NACCA can be found on our website.
Scope of Service
The National Aboriginal Capital Corporations Association (NACCA) seeks a qualified firm to provide a quote for external financial statement audit services for the three fiscal years ending on March 31, 2027, March 31, 2028, and March 31, 2029, for each related entity listed below. Audit fees should be quoted separately by year and entity. Quote should be broken down by:
List of NACCA’s related entities:
1. The National Aboriginal Capital Corporations Association (NACCA), not-for-profit
1. Indigenous Prosperity Foundation (IPF), registered charity
1. 2747534 Ontario Corporation, for-profit business
Quote for each entity and requested services:
NACCA: a) financial statements audit; b) Report to the Board; and c) corporate tax return (T2) and NPO information return (T1044).
IPF: a) financial statements audit; b) Report to the Board, and c) T3010 charity return.
2747534: a) financial statements audit and b) corporate tax return (T2).
Your firm will be required to demonstrate:
Experience in undertaking audits with not-for-profit and charity organizations of similar size Experience in working with Indigenous organizations
Experience in Government contribution agreements
Experience in conducting audits virtually and the related technologies ensuring an efficient and effective audit
Provide 3 client references including name, contact person and coordinates similar to the size of
NACCA
Other Considerations
Your proposal should also address:
Identification and professional profile of the engagement team at the Audit Partner and the Audit Manager level
Description of audit engagement process (planning, execution, with a focus on quality control)Tools, technologies, internal control and procedures to ensure timely delivery of audit milestones
List a few factors that would make your firm interested in this audit engagement Hourly rate by staff level
Disclosures
NACCA and the related entities referenced above audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, will be provided to all bidders.
Timeline
Please submit proposal and all correspondence electronically to finance@nacca.ca
Call for proposals
What
When
March 4, 2026
Deadline to submit questions
Reply to questions
Deadline to submit a bid
Audit and Finance Committee approval
April 3, 2026
April 10, 2026
April 17, 2026, by 5pm EDT
May 15, 2026
Selection notification
Official appointment
Mid-May 2026
Mid-September 2026
Please note that this is a standard governance renewal process. NACCA has no disagreements with our current auditors. The lowest priced proposal may not necessarily be a successful candidate.
PROJECT CONTACT: Enquiries related to this RFP, including any requests for information or clarification, may only be directed in writing to the following below. Information obtained from any other source is not official and should not be relied upon.
RFP Number: 2027_Audit_001
Mitch Palmer – Finance Manager
338 Somerset St W Ottawa, ON K2P 0J9
E-mail: mpalmer@nacca.ca