Title: RFP – Distribution Pole Line Hardware Crossarm and Ground Plate
Author: pmnationtalk
Deadline: May 15, 2026
Name: Hydro One
Type: RFP
Region: ON
Email: Natalia.Fedetsova@hydroone.com
Sector: Public Sector
Client: Hydro One

Description:
RFP – Distribution Pole Line Hardware Crossarm and Ground Plate
Type: RFP
Region: ON
Planned posting Date: End of April 2026
Closing Date and Time: Mid-May 2026
Detailed scope and technical requirements will be released as part of the RFP.
Registering as a Bidder/Proponent
:
The RFP will be hosted on SAP Ariba for which your company may or may not be already registered. All current and new suppliers are required to register and join the Ariba Hydro One Network to participate in future Hydro One sourcing events and to be able to bid on future contracts.
If not registered and you wish to be included in this RFP opportunity, to receive an invitation to register on Ariba and link to Hydro One’s Ariba profile, please send an email to [Natalia.Fedetsova@hydroone.com] providing the following information:
Full Legal Company Name (the legal name as it appears on company’s Certificate of Incorporation, Articles of Amendment or Master Business License etc).
Complete Address (Street Name/Number, City, Province/State, Country, Postal Code/Zip)
First/Last Name & Email for the initial administrator
Phone#
Upon receipt of the email, an invite will be sent out to the company contact to complete the full registration in Ariba.
Additional information on how to participate in Hydro One sourcing events using the Ariba Network, SAP Ariba browser compatibility requirements, user guides on Supplier Registration and DocuSign for eSignatures are available at the following link:
https://www.hydroone.com/about/suppliers
.
All interested and eligible parties are encouraged to register on Ariba prior to the anticipated RFP release
and are invited to participate in this upcoming competitive procurement process.
The purpose of this bulletin is to provide early notice of an upcoming opportunity but does not commit Hydro One to issue any procurement invitation, nor does it restrict Hydro One to any particular procurement approach. This notice is not intended to be a call for tenders or proposals and is not intended to create any contractual or other legal obligation owed to any potential supplier by Hydro One.
Information provided in this bulletin is intended to be general reference only, may change, and is not intended to be relied upon by any potential supplier. Hydro One makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any such information. Interested parties should refer to the final procurement documents, if and when posted on Ariba, for full details of the opportunity.